<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="abbrev">
<title>Maintaining abbreviation lists</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section/>
<section><title/><indexterm>abbreviation list<indexterm>maintaining </indexterm></indexterm>
<p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> uses language-specific abbreviation lists to
identify correct endings of a sentence.  This prevents that the period
after an abbreviation is interpreted as the end of a sentence during
analysis, for example in a sentence like <codeph>For details see books,
films, magazines, etc. and keep the subject in mind.</codeph>. The period
after <codeph>etc.</codeph> is not considered to be the end of the sentence.</p>
<p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> provides default abbreviation lists for each
source language supported. You can add new abbreviations, or delete
or modify existing ones.</p>
</section>
<section><title>Prerequisites</title>
<ul>
<li>The <q>Language List</q> window must be active (<b>Display
Language List</b> from the <b>Utilities</b> menu).</li>
<li>The language you want to work with must be in active state.</li>
</ul>
</section>
<section><title>Calling sequence</title>
<p>Select: 
<ol>
<li>An active language</li>
<li><b>Open</b> from the <b>File</b> menu
or double-click the name of the language</li>
</ol></p>
<p>The list of abbreviations for the selected language is displayed.
For example, <b>Edit Abbreviations for: German(national)</b> if
you selected this language. You can now make your changes.</p>
</section>
<section><title>Options and parameters</title>
<parml>
<plentry><pt>Abbreviations list</pt>
<pd>To update an abbreviation, overtype it. To add a new one, switch
to Insert mode and press Enter at the line before which you want to
insert it. To delete an abbreviation, use the Backspace key. Note
that you end the abbreviation with a full stop.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>Save</pt>
<pd>To save any changes and close this window.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>Cancel</pt>
<pd>To close this window without saving any changes.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>Help</pt>
<pd>To get information on how to interact with this window.</pd></plentry>
</parml>
</section>
<section><title>Results</title>
<p>The language-specific list of abbreviations is updated and will
be used for subsequent analysis runs. Depending on the language you
selected, abbreviations have been changed, added, or removed from
the abbreviation list for this language.</p>
</section></refbody></reference>