<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="accdict">
<title>Accessing or disconnecting a shared dictionary</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section/>
<section><title/><indexterm>shared dictionaries, accessing</indexterm>
<p>To use a dictionary that is shared by many translators you must include
it in your list of local dictionaries. To remove it from this list you must
disconnect it.</p>
</section>
<section><title>Prerequisites</title>
<p>The shared dictionary must exist.</p>
</section>
<section><title>Calling sequence</title>
<p>Select: 
<ol>
<li>The <q>Dictionary List</q> window from the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> workbench</li>
<li><b>Connect shared resources...</b> from the <b>Utilities</b> menu</li>
</ol></p>
<p>The <q>Connect Shared Dictionaries</q> window is displayed. </p>
</section>
<section><title>Options and parameters</title>
<parml>
<plentry><pt>Available</pt>
<pd>Lists all dictionaries available on shared disks.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>Add --&gt;&gt;</pt>
<pd>Adds the selected dictionary name to the <b>Selected</b> box.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>&lt;&lt;-- Remove</pt>
<pd>Removes the selected dictionary name from the <b>Selected</b> box but does not delete the dictionary.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>Selected</pt>
<pd>Lists all dictionaries selected. When you select <b>Connect</b>, the listed dictionaries will be connected. Dictionaries removed from
this list are disconnected.</pd></plentry>
</parml>
<p>Select <b>Connect</b> to update your list window.</p>
</section>
<section><title>Results</title>
<p>The selected dictionary has been added to your local list window and can
now be used like any other dictionary. If you disconnected it, it is no longer
shown in the list window.</p>
</section></refbody></reference>