<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="accsh">
<title>Accessing or disconnecting a shared Translation Memory</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section/>
<section><title/><indexterm>shared Translation Memory databases, accessing</indexterm>
<p>To use a Translation Memory that is shared by many translators
you must include it in your list of local Translation Memory databases.
To remove it from this list you must disconnect it.</p>
</section>
<section><title>Prerequisites</title>
<p>The shared <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> must exist.</p>
</section>
<section><title>Calling sequence</title>
<p>Select: 
<ol>
<li>The <q>Translation Memory List</q> window from the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>
workbench</li>
<li><b>Connect shared resources...</b> from the <b>Utilities</b> menu</li>
</ol></p>
<p>The <q>Connect Shared Translation Memories</q> window is displayed. </p>
</section>
<section><title>Options and parameters</title>
<parml>
<plentry><pt>Available</pt>
<pd>Lists all Translation Memory databases available on shared disks.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>Add --&gt;&gt;</pt>
<pd>Adds the selected Translation Memory name to the <b>Selected</b> box.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>&lt;&lt;-- Remove</pt>
<pd>Removes the selected Translation Memory name from the <b>Selected</b> box but does not delete the Translation
Memory.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>Selected</pt>
<pd>Lists all Translation Memory databases selected. When you select <b>Connect</b> the listed Translation Memory databases
will be connected. Translation Memory databases removed from this
list are disconnected.</pd></plentry>
</parml>
</section>
<section><title>Results</title>
<p>The selected Translation Memory has been added to your local list
window and can now be used like any other Translation Memory. If you
selected to remove it from your list window, it is disconnected.</p>
</section></refbody></reference>