<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="appDict_FormatUser">
    <title>Defining your own format file</title>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>

                <indexterm>dictionary<indexterm>defining own print formats</indexterm></indexterm>
                <indexterm>format files<indexterm>defining your own</indexterm></indexterm>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <body>
        <p>To print a dictionary or an extract from it, you can use one of the format files provided
            by <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>. You find them on the
            drive where you installed <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> in
            the subdirectory <codeph>\otm\prtform</codeph>.</p>
        <p>These format files provide a predefined layout for printing dictionary information. They
            serve as sample files. You must replace all the generic information they contain with
            your personal data, such as your address, and your name. It is useful to select a format
            file that contains entry fields that match those of the dictionary you want to
            print.</p>
        <p>To get an idea of how the printout will turn out when using one of these format files,
            read the explanation that is given after the <codeph>&lt;comment&gt;</codeph> tag in
            each file. However, if you want to print a dictionary with a layout other than those
            provided, you can define your own format file. You do this as follows:</p>
        <p>
            <ol>
                <li>Copy one of the format files provided or create a new file. It must be in ASCII
                    format.</li>
                <li>Give it the extension <codeph>frm</codeph> (for example,
                        <codeph>myform.frm</codeph>).</li>
                <li>Edit this file with a text editor of your choice. You can use any of the tags
                    given in <xref href="appDict_Tags.dita#appDict_Tags"/> to create an
                    individual layout.</li>
                <li>Place this file in the subdirectory <codeph>\otm\prtform</codeph> on the drive
                    where you installed <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"
                    />.</li>
                <li>Use the new file name as format file name in the <q>Print Dictionary</q>
                    window.</li>
            </ol>
        </p>
        <p>The selected dictionary is printed on the printer that is defined as LPT1 in your
            operating system (default setting).</p>
        <p>The following is an example of an individual format file and how it looks on the
            printout.
            <codeblock>&lt;comment&gt;
  This is my private format file.
  It prints entries from dictionary MYDICT in the following way.
  The front page gives administrative information about the
  printout, such as title, date, and my name.
  Then two entries of MYDICT follow.
  These entries contain the fields I specified:
  Part of Speech, Translation, Synonym, and Context.
  Each page has the dictionary name MYDICT in its header section.
  The page number is printed at the bottom of each page.
&lt;/comment&gt;
&lt;set sysname=$page_length value='61'&gt;
&lt;set sysname=$page_eject value=' '&gt;
&lt;dictfront&gt;
            Title: Dictionary &lt;var sysname=$Dictname&gt;

            Date:  &lt;var sysname=$Date format=dd.mm.yyyy&gt;

            Author: Betty Miller
&lt;/dictfront&gt;
&lt;pagehead&gt;
&lt;var sysname=$Dictname $Min=45 $Right&gt;
&lt;var name=headword $first_on_page&gt;
=================================================================

&lt;/pagehead&gt;
&lt;entryprt&gt;

The term "&lt;var name=Headword&gt;" has the following meaning:

&lt;repeat name=Headword&gt;
  Part of Speech: &lt;var name='Part of Speech'&gt;
&lt;repeat name='Part of Speech'&gt;
      Translation:    &lt;var name=Translation&gt;
          Synonym:        &lt;var name=Synonym&gt;
          Context:        &lt;var name=Context&gt;

&lt;/repeat&gt;
&lt;/repeat&gt;
&lt;/entryprt&gt;
&lt;pagefoot&gt;
=================================================================
                                     - &lt;var sysname=$Page_No&gt; -
&lt;/pagefoot&gt;</codeblock></p>
        <p>If you used this format file when printing dictionary MYDICT, you would get a printout
            with the following information on its title page:
            <codeblock>
Title: Dictionary MYDICT

Date: 04/01/94

Author: Betty Miller
</codeblock></p>
        <p>After the title page, the entries found are printed in the following way:
            <codeblock>
                   MYDICT

assist
=================================================================


The term "assist" has the following meaning:


      Part of Speech: verb
        Translation:    helfen
            Synonym:
            Context:

        Translation:    assistieren
            Synonym:
            Context:    to assist sb


The term "access" has the following meaning/s:


      Part of Speech: noun
        Translation:    Zugriff
            Synonym:
            Context:

        Translation:    Zutritt
            Synonym:
            Context:


      Part of Speech: verb
        Translation:    zugreifen
            Synonym:
            Context:

=================================================================
                              - 1 -</codeblock></p>
    </body>
</topic>
