<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="appDict_Tags">
<title>Tags for defining the format of a dictionary printout</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords>

<indexterm>format files<indexterm>tags</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm id="tag">tags to format dictionary printout</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>Each data element to be printed is defined
between a start and an end tag (except for <codeph>&lt;set&gt;</codeph> and <codeph>&lt;var&gt;</codeph>). The end tag always starts with “&lt;/”. If
you use any multiword terms as entry-field names, for example, Part of Speech,
you must enclose them in single quotes (for example: <codeph>&lt;var
name='Part of Speech'&gt;</codeph>). You may type these tags in either uppercase
or in lowercase letters. Some of the tags have attributes (<codeph>&lt;set...&gt;</codeph>, <codeph>&lt;repeat...&gt;</codeph>, <codeph>&lt;var...&gt;</codeph>).</p>
<p>You can control the layout of your printout by placing the variables at
the appropriate position. The printing of a text or a data element starts
where the opening pointed bracket (<codeph>&lt;</codeph>) has
been placed.</p>
<table pgwide="0" frame="topbot">
<tgroup cols="2" colsep="0" rowsep="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*"/>
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="3*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry valign="top" rowsep="1">Start tag, end tag</entry>
<entry valign="top" rowsep="1">Meaning</entry></row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry valign="top">
<codeblock>&lt;description&gt;,
&lt;/description&gt;</codeblock></entry>
<entry valign="top">Here you can describe what your printout contains. These
tags are optional and have no effect on the layout of your printout. This
description is shown in the <q>Print Dictionary</q> window.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">
<codeblock>&lt;dictfront&gt;,
&lt;/dictfront&gt;</codeblock></entry>
<entry valign="top">Contains administrative information related to the printed
dictionary, such as the name of the dictionary and the date of printing. This
information is printed once at the beginning of your printout before any entries
are printed. These tags are optional.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">
<codeblock>&lt;pagehead&gt;,
&lt;/pagehead&gt;</codeblock></entry>
<entry valign="top">Here you can specify the information that you want to
be printed on the top of each printed page. These tags are optional.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">
<codeblock>&lt;entryprt&gt;,
&lt;/entryprt&gt;</codeblock></entry>
<entry valign="top">Here specify the structure and contents of the entries
you want to be printed. These tags are mandatory.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">
<codeblock>&lt;pagefoot&gt;,
&lt;/pagefoot&gt;</codeblock></entry>
<entry valign="top">Here you can specify the information that you want to
be printed at the bottom of each printed page. These tags are optional.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">
<codeblock>&lt;dictback&gt;,
&lt;/dictback&gt;</codeblock></entry>
<entry valign="top">Contains information related to the printed dictionary.
This information is printed at the end of your printout after all entries
have been printed. These tags are optional.</entry></row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
<p>Within the format files the tags must follow the same sequence as specified
here. To modify the layout of your printout, you can use the following additional
tags:</p>
<table pgwide="0" frame="topbot">
<tgroup cols="2" colsep="0" rowsep="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*"/>
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="3*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry valign="top" rowsep="1">Start tag, end tag</entry>
<entry valign="top" rowsep="1">Meaning</entry></row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry valign="top">
<codeblock>&lt;comment&gt;,
&lt;/comment&gt;</codeblock></entry>
<entry valign="top">Here you can specify information that you do not want
to appear on your printout. These tags are optional. They can occur anywhere
within a format file, but not between another start and end tag.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">
<codeblock>&lt;set...&gt;</codeblock></entry>
<entry valign="top">This tag lets you specify the length of a line and the
length of a page of your printout. It can occur anywhere within a format file,
but not between another start and end tag. For more information, see <xref href="appDict_TagsSet.dita#appDict_TagsSet"/>.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">
<codeblock>&lt;repeat...&gt;,
&lt;/repeat&gt;</codeblock></entry>
<entry valign="top">The information specified here is repeated until all information
belonging to the specified entry field is printed. These tags are optional
and can only occur between <codeph>&lt;entryprt&gt;</codeph> and <codeph>&lt;/entryprt&gt;</codeph>. For more information, see <xref href="appDict_TagsRepeat.dita#appDict_TagsRepeat"/>.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">
<codeblock>&lt;var...&gt;</codeblock></entry>
<entry valign="top">This tag can have the attribute <codeph>“name=”</codeph>.
It can occur only between the <codeph>&lt;pagehead&gt;</codeph>, <codeph>&lt;pagefoot&gt;</codeph>, and <codeph>&lt;entryprt&gt;</codeph> tags and their end tags. 
<p>If it has
the attribute <codeph>“sysname=$...”</codeph> it can occur only between
the <codeph>&lt;dictfront&gt;</codeph>, <codeph>&lt;pagehead&gt;</codeph>, <codeph>&lt;entryprt&gt;</codeph>, <codeph>&lt;pagefoot&gt;</codeph>, and <codeph>&lt;dictback&gt;</codeph> tags and their
corresponding end tags. For more information, see <xref href="appDict_TagsVar.dita#appDict_TagsVar"/>.</p></entry></row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</body></topic>