<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="appDict_SampleFormat1.frm">
<title>FORMAT1.FRM</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords>

<indexterm>format files<indexterm>FORMAT1.FRM</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>This format file prints each headword and its translation. It uses the
following format statements to achieve this:</p>
<section><title>Part of FORMAT1.FRM</title>
<codeblock>&lt;entryprt&gt;
=======================
&lt;var name=Headword&gt;
  &lt;var name=Translation&gt;
&lt;/entryprt&gt;</codeblock></section>
<p>Between <codeph>&lt;entryprt&gt;</codeph> and <codeph>&lt;/entryprt&gt;</codeph> you specify
which entry fields you want to be printed for each entry. The
names following <codeph>var name=</codeph> must be the same names that
are defined as entry field names in the dictionary you want to print. To
see which entry field names are in a dictionary, select <b>Properties…</b> from the <b>File</b> menu when the <q>Dictionary List</q> window is active and the respective dictionary selected.</p>
<p><codeph>&lt;var name=Translation&gt;</codeph> means that the translation
for the headword is printed. If there is more than one translation,
only the first translation is printed.</p>
<p>Nontagged information that you type between the <codeph>&lt;entryprt&gt;</codeph> and <codeph>&lt;/entryprt&gt;</codeph> tags is printed for each
iteration. In the example above, the <codeph>==========</codeph> is
used as a separator line between the entries on your printout.</p>
<p>The following is an example of what your dictionary printout
would look like. Assume that the dictionary is English-German and the sample
format FORMAT1.FRM  has been used for formatting. Two entries
(rule and run) are extracted.</p>
<section><title>Sample printout</title>
<codeblock>=======================
rule
  regieren
=======================
run
  laufen</codeblock></section>
</body></topic>