<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="appHint_WordFont">
  <title>Automatic font conversion for translated RTF documents</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>RTF documents<indexterm>automatic font conversion</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>automatic font conversion<indexterm>RTF documents</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>font conversion<indexterm>automatic, RTF documents</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> supports the automatic font
      conversion for translated RTF documents. You can see the conversion when postediting your
      translation (provided that all the required fonts are installed), or after exporting the
      translated document.</p>
    <p>The specifications for the automatic font substitution are in the language-specific sections
      of file <codeph>..\otm\table\eqfrtf.chr</codeph>. If you want to change the specifications,
      you need to change the parameters following the keywords <codeph>CHANGEFONT</codeph> or
        <codeph>DEFCHGFONT</codeph>.</p>
    <p>If you want to add specifications for another language, follow the layout of the already
      existing specifications in this file.</p>
    <ul>
      <li><codeph>CHANGEFONT</codeph> specifies one or more one-to-one font substitutions. <p>The
          general structure of an entry is:
          <codeblock>CHANGEFONT="[<i>source font name</i>]=<i>RTF font spec. for target font</i>" \
             (...)
           "[<i>last entry</i>]=..."</codeblock>where
          substitutions are enclosed in double quote pairs, and separated by backslash
          characters.</p>
        <p>The following example:
          <codeblock>CHANGEFONT="[Times New Roman]={\f%1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2\fprq2 Arial;}" \
           "[Courier]={\f%1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2\fprq2 Garamond;}"
</codeblock>specifies
          font substitution from <q>Times New Roman</q> to <q>Arial</q> and from <q>Courier</q> to
            <q>Garamond</q>. The other characters in the <i>RTF font spec. for target font</i>
          specify special characteristics of the substitution.</p></li>
      <li><codeph>DEFCHGFONT</codeph> specifies font family substitution. <p>The general structure
          of an entry is:
          <codeblock>DEFCHGFONT="[<i>source font family</i>]=<i>RTF font spec. for target font family</i>" \
             (...)
           "[<i>last entry</i>]=..."</codeblock>where
          substitutions are enclosed in double quote pairs, and separated by backslash
          characters.</p>
        <p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> supports the following font
          families as <i>RTF font spec. for target font family</i>:<indexterm>font
              family<indexterm>for automatic font substitution</indexterm></indexterm>
          <table>
            <title>RTF font specification for the target font family</title>
            <tgroup cols="3">
              <colspec colname="col1" colwidth="56*"/>
              <colspec colname="col2" colwidth="138*"/>
              <colspec colname="col3" colwidth="101*"/>
              <thead>
                <row>
                  <entry colname="col1" valign="top">Font family</entry>
                  <entry colname="col2" valign="top">Characteristics</entry>
                  <entry colname="col3" valign="top">Examples</entry></row>
              </thead>
              <tbody>
                <row>
                  <entry colname="col1">\froman</entry>
                  <entry colname="col2">Roman, proportionally spaced serif fonts</entry>
                  <entry colname="col3">Times New Roman, Palatino</entry></row>
                <row>
                  <entry colname="col1">\fswiss</entry>
                  <entry colname="col2">Swiss, proportionally spaced sans serif fonts</entry>
                  <entry colname="col3">Arial</entry></row>
                <row>
                  <entry colname="col1">\fmodern</entry>
                  <entry colname="col2">Fixed-pitch serif and sans serif fonts</entry>
                  <entry colname="col3">Courier New, Pica</entry></row>
                <row>
                  <entry colname="col1">\fscript</entry>
                  <entry colname="col2">Script fonts</entry>
                  <entry colname="col3">Cursive</entry></row>
                <row>
                  <entry colname="col1">\fdecor</entry>
                  <entry colname="col2">Decorative fonts</entry>
                  <entry colname="col3">Old English, ITC Zapf Chancery</entry></row>
                <row>
                  <entry colname="col1">\ftech</entry>
                  <entry colname="col2">Technical, symbol, and mathematical fonts</entry>
                  <entry colname="col3">Symbol</entry></row>
                <row>
                  <entry colname="col1">\fbidi</entry>
                  <entry colname="col2">Arabic, Hebrew, or other bidirectional font</entry>
                  <entry colname="col3">Miriam</entry></row>
              </tbody>
            </tgroup>
          </table></p></li>
    </ul>
    <note>If you use both keywords in a language section, and specify identical source fonts, the
      one-to-one font substitution takes precedence.</note>
  </body>
</topic>
