<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="changes_141_ValidationImport">
  <title>Importing validation documents into OpenTM2</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p>Importing a validation document into OpenTM2 allows the translator to easily update the translatable segments which have been changed during the validation review.
      When the validator makes a change to a previously translated segment, those changes also need to be incorporated to the segments in the translated files and the translation memory for the project.
      These validation changes will then be reflected in the next iteration or release of this project.</p>
    <p>This function will allow you to:
      <ol>
        <li>Select the validation document(s) to be imported (DOC, DOCX or PWB JSON).</li>
        <li>Show the segments which have been changed during validation.  The source, target and modified target text is shown, with the changes highlighted.</li>
        <li>A selected segment can be easily opened in the OpenTM2 editor to allow for manual changes.</li>
        <li>Selected segments can be automatically processed, with the target text in the file's segment and/or translation memory being replaced with the modified target text. </li>
      </ol>
    </p>
    <p>This function can be invoked by selecting <b>Import validation documents...</b> from the <b>Utilities</b> menu.
    </p>
    <p>For more information, go to <xref href="doc_ImportValidation.dita#doc_ImportValidation"/>.</p>
  </body>
</topic>
