<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="changingfolderproperties">
<title>Changing the properties of a folder</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section/>
<section><title>Purpose</title><indexterm>creating<indexterm>OTMBATCH: reports (from
command area)</indexterm></indexterm>
<p>If you need to change the properties of a folders frequently, using
the command area of your operating system instead of <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>
windows might be more convenient.</p>
<p>To work from the command area, use the <b>OTMBATCH </b>command.
Its syntax is described in the following chapter.</p>
</section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title><indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm>creating reports</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>commands<indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm otherprops="">creating reports</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
<p>The following syntax diagram describes how you create a folder
from the Windows command area. Note that lowercase letters in a parameter
name are optional and need not be typed.</p>
<syntaxdiagram>
<groupseq><kwd>OTMBATCH</kwd></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>TAsk</kwd><oper>=</oper><kwd>FLDPROP</kwd></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>FLD</kwd><oper>=</oper><kwd>folder</kwd></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>MEm</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>memory</var></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>DEsc</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>description</var></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>TGtlng</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>targetlanguage</var></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>DIct</kwd><oper>=</oper>
<groupchoice><var>dict</var><var>(-dict-)</var></groupchoice></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>ROMEM</kwd><oper>=</oper>
<groupchoice><var>readonlymem</var><var>(-readonlymem-)</var></groupchoice></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional">
<groupchoice><var>/QUIET</var><var>/QUIET=NOMSG</var></groupchoice></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
</refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title>
<parml>
<plentry><pt>/TAsk=FLDPROP</pt>
<pd><synph><var>FLDPROP</var></synph>specifies that you want to set up a new folder. </pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/FLD=<synph><var>folder</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>folder</var></synph> specifies the name of the folder. </pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/MEm=<synph><var>memory</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>memory</var></synph> specifies the name of an existing
Translation Memory that is to used as folder memory. </pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/DEsc=<synph><var>desc</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>desc</var></synph> specifies the new description for the folder</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/TGtlng=<synph><var>targetlanguage</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var> target</var></synph> is the new target language of the
documents stored in the folder. </pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/DIct=<synph><var>dict</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>dict</var></synph> specifies the name of a dictionary to be associated
with the folder.      If you specify several dictionaries, enclose
the dictionary names in brackets and separate them by commas.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/ROMEM=<synph><var>readonlymem</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>target</var></synph> is the new read-only TranslationMemory to be
associated with the folder. If you specify several Translation Memory
DBs, enclose the names in brackets and separate them by commas. To
clear the list of read-only  memories specify an empty list: (/ROMEM=())</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/QUIET</pt>
<pd>If you specify the parameter in this format, you are not prompted
with any message window. If you do not specify any of the /quiet paramaters,
a message window pops up whenever an error occurs or   when the task
has successfully completed. </pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/QUIET=NOMSG</pt>
<pd>If you specify this parameter, you are not prompted with any
message window. Any error message text is routed to stdout.  
<note>You can type the commands in uppercase, lowercase, or in
mixed-case letters. You may not use any wildcard characters, such
as an asterisk (*).</note></pd></plentry>
</parml>
</section>
<example><title>Examples</title>
<p>The following example shows how to change the properties of a folder
using the OTMBATCH command.</p><required-cleanup>
<section><title>Example</title>
<codeblock>otmbatch /task=fldprop /name=proj1 /desc="my new description"</codeblock></section></required-cleanup>
<p>In this example, the description of the folder called proj1 is
changed to "my new description". All other properties of the folder
are not changed..</p>
</example></refbody></reference>