<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="changes_124_DictionarySelectionPID">
  <title>Allow selecting PID of glossary terms to be displayed during editing</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p>When translating documents in a folder, one or more dictionaries can be attached to the
      folder using the folder properties. If any of these folder contain a <q>NL Product</q>
      element, the OpenTM2 can display only these values. The function is implemented via the folder
      properties. The field named <q>PID selection</q> can be check-marked, and by clicking on the
      button <q>Select...</q>, the user can select the PID-value to be used when displaying specific
      terms belonging to a <q>NL Product</q>. If no PID is selected, all terms are displayed to the
      user. </p>
    <p>
      <b><u>Specific information</u></b>: 
      <ol>
        <li>The PID selection is <b>only</b> available for the <b>entire folder</b>. It does not 
          make sense to allow different PID selection for an individual document in the folder.</li>
        <li>In the folder property window, there is a field under the list of selected memories: 
          [PID selection:] [the value] [Select...]. The default is that there is no value, which means that 
          all dictionary entries are to be used, regardless of the PID value. This is the same function as today. 
          If the button  <q>Select...</q> is pressed, then a list of all the PID-values used in any of the selected 
          dictionaries would be listed. Users can select one or more of these listed values.</li>
        <li>Within the editor, when the dictionary entries are being shown, only the entries which have a 
          matching PID value or which have no PID values are shown in the Dictionary window.</li>
      </ol>
    </p>
  </body>
</topic>
