<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="commandareaeqfbatch">
<title>Working from the command area (OTMBATCH)</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords>

<indexterm>OTMBATCH commands</indexterm>
<indexterm>OTMBATCH command area instructions</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>Using the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> windows is only one way of performing
translation tasks with this product. An alternative way is to type
instructions directly in the system’s command area.</p>
<p>To start a task from the command area: 
<ol>
<li>Type a command and its parameters in your operating system’s
command area (next to the command prompt) according to the command
syntax described in the following chapters.</li>
<li>Press Enter.</li>
</ol></p>
<p>Note that lowercase letters in a parameter name are optional and
need not be typed. A mixture between uppercase and lowercase letters
is allowed. However, a muddled letter sequence like in <codeph>OVerWRiTe</codeph> must
not be used. The parameters can be entered in any order whatever.</p>
<p>To process several commands in sequence, type the individual commands
into a batch file (<codeph>*.BAT</codeph> or <codeph>*.CMD</codeph>) using any
text editor. You can execute these commands by starting the batch
file.</p>
<p>To avoid retyping of long text strings in commands, you can also
type a command and its parameters in a text editor, which is capable
of the <b>Copy to clipboard</b> function. You can then <b>paste</b> the text string from the clipboard directly
into your system’s command area and start the task. </p>
<p><b>Why use OTMBATCH instead of OTMBATCH</b>
<ul>
<li>For OTMBATCH no running <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> session is required.</li>
<li>OTMBATCH is faster than OTMBATCH as the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> functions
are called directly.</li>
<li>New <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> functions (e.g. export documents in validation
format) will only be available in OTMBATCH</li>
</ul></p>
</body></topic>