<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="copy_move_doc">
<title>Copying and moving documents between folders</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section/>
<section><title/><indexterm>deleting<indexterm>documents</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>document<indexterm>copying</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>copying<indexterm>documents between folders</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>moving<indexterm>documents between folders</indexterm></indexterm>
<p>You can copy or move one or more documents in a folder to another
folder. This is an alternative to exporting and then importing documents,
and it is recommended if you deal with a large number of documents.
The advantage of this method is that you use the Windows-like multiple-select
and drag-and-drop techniques to copy or move documents. Nevertheless,
internally <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> exports the selected documents to a
temporary directory and imports them into the target folder.</p>
<p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> maintains the history log files of the source
and target folders, as described in <xref href="#copy_move_doc/copy_move_doc_results"/>.<indexterm>history log file<indexterm>copying documents</indexterm><indexterm>moving documents</indexterm></indexterm></p>
</section>
<section><title>Prerequisites</title>
<p>The source folder containing at least one document must be open,
and the corresponding <q>Document List</q> window must be shown.</p>
<p>The <q>Document List</q> window with the target folder must be
open. You can also have your folder list displayed in the Explorer-like
tree view. Make sure that the target folder is visible.</p>
</section>
<section><title>Calling sequence</title>
<ol>
<li>Select one or more documents in the <q>Document List</q> window
that you want to copy or move. Do this by holding down the Ctrl key
and clicking the documents. To select a series of documents, use the
Alt key respectively.</li>
<li>If you want to drag and drop the selected documents to the target
folder:
<ul>
<li>To move the documents, drag them to the target folder. Note the
small drag icon.</li>
<li>To copy the documents, press SHIFT and drag them to the target
folder. Note the small plus symbol beside the drag icon, indicating
a copy operation.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>If you want to use the move/copy menu:
<ul>
<li>With the documents still selected, click right on the document.</li>
<li>Open the target folder</li>
<li>Click <b>PASTE</b></li>
<li>Select document list window</li>
<li>Right mouse click on document list window.</li>
<li>Click <b>Copy</b>, respectively <b>Move</b>.
(The button corresponds to your previous selection.)</li>
</ul></li>
</ol>
</section>
<section id="copy_move_doc_results"><title>Results</title>
<p>The selected documents are copied or moved to the selected target
folder.</p>
<p>The history log files of the source and target folder are updated
as follows:
<ul>
<li>The history log entries of the selected documents from the source
folder are merged into the target folder's history log. They are not
deleted from the source folder's history log.</li>
<li>The target folder's history log gets an entry that indicates that
the documents were copied, respectively moved, with the <q>copy/move</q> function.</li>
<li>The source folder's history log only gets an entry when documents
were moved, indicating this fact.</li>
</ul></p>
</section></refbody></reference>