<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="countrepas">
<title>Creating reports</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section/>
<section><title>Purpose</title><indexterm>creating<indexterm>OTMBATCH: reports (from
command area)</indexterm></indexterm>
<p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> enables you to collect information about the effort, state,
and history of your translations. The collected information can be
displayed in different reports and used as a basis for calculating
translation costs.</p>
<p>Instead of using <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> windows to create reports,
using a command might be more convenient.</p>
</section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title><indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm>creating reports</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>commands<indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm otherprops="">creating reports</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
<p>The following syntax diagram describes how you start to create
reports from the <tm trademark="Windows" tmowner="Microsoft Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="special">Windows</tm> command area. Note that
lowercase letters in a parameter name are optional and need not be
typed.</p>
<syntaxdiagram>
<groupseq><kwd>OTMBATCH</kwd></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>TAsk</kwd><oper>=</oper><kwd>CNTRPT</kwd></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>FLD</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>folder</var></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>FIles</kwd><oper>=</oper>
<groupchoice>
<groupseq><var>document_name</var></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>(</delim>
<groupseq><repsep>,</repsep><var>document_name</var></groupseq><delim>)</delim></groupseq>
<groupseq><oper>@</oper><var>list_file_name</var></groupseq></groupchoice></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>OUT</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>output_name</var></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>REport</kwd><oper>=</oper>
<groupchoice><kwd>HISTORY</kwd><kwd>COUNTING</kwd><kwd>CALCULATING</kwd><kwd>PREANALYSIS</kwd><kwd>REDUNDANCY</kwd><kwd>REDUNDANCYSEGMENT</kwd></groupchoice></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>TYpe</kwd><oper>=</oper>
<groupchoice><kwd>DATE</kwd><kwd>BRIEF</kwd><kwd>DETAIL</kwd><kwd>WITH_TOTALS</kwd><kwd>WITHOUT_TOTALS</kwd><kwd>BASE</kwd><kwd>BASE_SUMMARY</kwd><kwd>BASE_SUMMARY_FACT</kwd><kwd>SUMMARY_FACT</kwd><kwd>FACT</kwd></groupchoice></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>PRofile</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>profile</var></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>OVerwrite</kwd><oper>=</oper>
<groupchoice><kwd importance="default">NO</kwd><kwd>YES</kwd></groupchoice></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>FOrmat</kwd><oper>=</oper>
<groupchoice><kwd importance="default">XML</kwd><kwd>ASCII</kwd><kwd>HTML</kwd></groupchoice></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional">
<groupchoice>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><var>QUIET</var></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><var>QUIET=NOMSG</var></groupseq></groupchoice></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
</refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title>
<parml>
<plentry><pt>/TAsk=CNTRPT</pt>
<pd><codeph>CNTRPT</codeph> specifies that you want to create a report.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/FLD=<synph><var>folder</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>folder</var></synph> specifies the name of the folder that contains
the documents of which you want to create a report.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/FIles=<synph><var>document_name</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>document_name</var></synph> specifies the name of the
document of which you want to create a report.
<p>If you specify several
documents, enclose the document names in brackets and separate them
by commas.</p>
<p>If you want to specify a list of document names in
a list file, refer to this list file by preceding the list file name
with the <codeph>@</codeph> symbol (<codeph>@</codeph><synph><var>list_file_name</var></synph>).
In the list file enclose the document names in brackets and separate
them by commas.</p>
<p>If you do not specify the <b>FIles</b> option,
all documents in the folder are selected.</p> </pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/OUT=<synph><var>output_name</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>output_name</var></synph> specifies the name of the file where the
report is to be stored (along with the drive and directory information).</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/REport=<synph><var>rpt_name</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>rpt_name</var></synph> specifies whether you want to create
a History, Counting, Calculating, Preanalysis, or Redundancy Report
or a Redundant Segment List.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/TYpe=<synph><var>rpt_type</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>rpt_type</var></synph> specifies the type of report.
<p>The following
types are available for a History Report:
<ul>
<li>DATETo get a brief report that is sorted
by the creation date and time of the documents.</li>
<li>BRIEFTo get a brief report where the information
is sorted by document name.</li>
<li>DETAILTo get a detailed report of the process
tasks performed on the selected documents.</li>
</ul></p>
<p>The following types are available for a Counting Report:
<ul>
<li>WITH_TOTALSTo get a report on one or
more documents in the folder, with a summary at its end.</li>
<li>WITHOUT_TOTALSTo get a report on one
or more documents in the folder, without a summary.</li>
</ul></p>
<p>The following types are available for a Calculating, Preanalysis,
or Redundancy Report:
<ul>
<li>BASETo get a rough overview, for each selected
document, of the activities performed by <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> and by the translator
to complete a translation.</li>
<li>BASE_SUMMARYTo get an overview and a
summary of the activities performed for selected documents.</li>
<li>FACTTo get a detailed overview of the costs
of a translation using different complexity and pay factors.</li>
<li>BASE_SUMMARY_FACTTo get a report
containing all the information previously described.</li>
<li>SUMMARY_FACTTo get a report containing
both the summary and the fact sheet.</li>
</ul></p></pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/PRofile=<synph><var>profile</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>profile</var></synph> specifies the name of the profile to be loaded.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/OVerwrite=</pt>
<pd>Specifies whether the file specified in <codeph>output_name</codeph> is
to be overwritten if it already exists (<codeph>NO</codeph> is the default).</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/FOrmat=</pt>
<pd>Specifies the output format for the report. 
<p>The following
formats can be used:
<ul>
<li>ASCIITo create the report in plain ASCII
text</li>
<li>XMLTo create the report in the XML format</li>
<li>HTMLTo create the report in HTML format</li>
</ul></p></pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/QUIET</pt>
<pd>If you specify the parameter in this format, you are not prompted
with any message window. If you do not specify any of the /quiet paramaters,
a message window pops up whenever an error occurs or when the task
has successfully completed.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/QUIET=NOMSG</pt>
<pd>If you specify this parameter, you are not prompted with any
message window. Any error message text is routed to stdout.</pd></plentry>
</parml>
<note>You can type the commands in uppercase, lowercase,
or in mixed-case letters. You may not use any wildcard characters,
such as an asterisk (*). </note>
</section>
<example><title>Examples</title>
<p>The following example shows how to create a report using the OTMBATCH
command.</p><required-cleanup>
<section><title>Example</title>
<codeblock>otmbatch /task=cntrpt /fld=sample1 /out=output /report=history /type=date</codeblock></section></required-cleanup>
<p>In this example, a History Report of folder <codeph>sample1</codeph> is
created and stored in the file <codeph>output</codeph>.</p>
</example></refbody></reference>