<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="createfolder">
<title>Creating a folder</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>New documents must be included in a folder before you can
translate them. Therefore your first step is to decide whether you want to
create a new folder or include the new document in an existing folder. The
folder concept allows you to group the entire translation material belonging
to a specific project into one folder. If the new document does not belong
to an existing project, create a new folder. A folder can contain only one
document or several documents.</p>
<p>When you create a new folder, choose a folder name that describes the subject
of the project and is easy to remember.</p>
<p>Each folder is associated with a Translation Memory. You can
either specify a new Translation Memory or use an existing one. You can use
a new Translation Memory for each folder. If you later decide that several
folders should share one Translation Memory, you can merge the Translation
Memory databases of these folders.</p>
<p>You can also specify whether you want to create a new dictionary with the
folder or use one or more existing dictionaries. If you specify existing dictionaries,
<keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> searches these dictionaries during translation and displays
the translated terms for you to include them in the text.</p>
</body></topic>