<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="crfolcl">
<title>Creating a folder</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section/>
<section><title>Purpose</title><indexterm>folder<indexterm>creating (from command
area)</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>creating<indexterm>folders (from command
area) </indexterm></indexterm>
<p>If you need to set up new folders frequently, using the command
area of your operating system instead of <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> windows
might be more convenient.</p>
<p>To work from the command area, use the <b>OTMBATCH</b> command.
Its syntax is described in the following chapter. </p>
</section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title><indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm>creating folders</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>commands<indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm otherprops="">creating folders</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
<p>The following syntax diagram describes how you create a folder
from the <tm trademark="Windows" tmowner="Microsoft Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="special">Windows</tm> command area. Note that
lowercase letters in a parameter name are optional and need not be
typed.</p>
<syntaxdiagram>
<groupseq><kwd>OTMBATCH</kwd></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>TAsk</kwd><oper>=</oper><kwd>FLDCRT</kwd></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>NAme</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>folder</var></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>DEsc</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>desc</var></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>TOdrive</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>drive</var></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>MEm</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>memdb</var></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>MArkup</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>markuptable</var></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>EDit</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>editor</var></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>DIct</kwd><oper>=</oper>
<groupchoice>
<groupseq><var>dict</var></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>(</delim>
<groupseq><repsep>,</repsep><var>dict</var></groupseq><delim>)</delim></groupseq></groupchoice></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>SRclng</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>source</var></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>TGtlng</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>target</var></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>QUIET</kwd></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
</refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title>
<parml>
<plentry><pt>/TAsk=FLDCRT</pt>
<pd><codeph>FLDCRT</codeph> specifies that you want to set up a new folder.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/NAme=<synph><var>folder</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>folder</var></synph> specifies the name of the new folder.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/DEsc=<synph><var>desc</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>desc</var></synph> specifies the description of the new folder (up
to 40 characters). If none is specified, the folder will have no description
and will be more difficult to relate to a specific project later on.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/TOdrive=<synph><var>drive</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>drive</var></synph> specifies the drive where the new folder is to
be placed. It must be either the main drive or a drive that has been
configured as additional drive.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/MEm=<synph><var>memdb</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>memdb</var></synph> specifies the name of an existing Translation
Memory that is to be related to the new folder.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/MArkup=<synph><var>markuptable</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>markuptable</var></synph> specifies the name of a markup table that
is to be related to the markup language of the documents that will
be stored in the new folder.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/EDit=<synph><var>editor</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>editor</var></synph> specifies the name of an editor that is to be
associated with the new folder (only <codeph>STANDARD</codeph> is possible).</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/DIct=<synph><var>dict</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>dict</var></synph> specifies the name of a dictionary
to be associated with the new folder. This parameter is optional,
that is, it is not required that a dictionary is specified.
<p>If you
specify several dictionaries, enclose the dictionary names in brackets
and separate them by commas.</p></pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/SRclng=<synph><var>source</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>source</var></synph> is the source language of the documents stored
in the new folder.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/TGtlng=<synph><var>target</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>target</var></synph> is the target language of the documents stored
in the new folder.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/QUIET</pt>
<pd>If you specify this parameter, you are not prompted with any
message window. If you do not specify this parameter, a message window
pops up whenever an error occurs or when the task has successfully
completed.</pd></plentry>
</parml>
<note>You can type the commands in uppercase, lowercase,
or in mixed-case letters. You may not use any wildcard characters,
such as an asterisk (*). </note>
</section>
<example><title>Examples</title>
<p>The following example shows how to create a folder using the OTMBATCH
command.</p><required-cleanup>
<section><title>Example</title>
<codeblock>otmbatch /task=fldcrt /name=proj1 /desc="new folder" /todrive=e
       /mem=ibmmem /markup=eqfbook /edit=standard /dict=(ibmterm,ibm2)
       /srclng=German(national) /tgtlng=English(U.S.)</codeblock></section></required-cleanup>
<p>In this example, the folder to be created is called <codeph>proj1</codeph> and
is described as <codeph>new folder</codeph>. It will be located on drive
E and will have the following translation resources attached to it: 
<ul>
<li>The Translation Memory <codeph>ibmmem</codeph></li>
<li>The dictionaries <codeph>ibmterm</codeph> and <codeph>ibm2</codeph></li>
<li>The markup table <codeph>eqfbook</codeph></li>
<li>The editor <codeph>standard</codeph></li>
</ul> The source language of the folder’s documents will be German
(national), the target language will be English (U.S.). </p>
</example></refbody></reference>