<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="dicstr2">
<title>Dictionary entry structure</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords>

<indexterm>dictionary<indexterm>entry structure</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>A dictionary entry is divided into the following levels: 
<dl>
<dlentry><dt>Entry</dt>
<dd>This level contains general or administrative information, such as the
date, author, or origin of an entry, and the headword itself. This information
applies to all other levels of the dictionary entry.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>Homonym</dt>
<dd>This level contains grammatical and syntactic information, such as which
part of speech a headword is or how it is to be abbreviated and hyphenated.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>Sense</dt>
<dd>This level contains semantic variations of a headword, such as different
areas of meaning and usage.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>Target</dt>
<dd>This level contains all information applying to one translation variant
of a headword, such as definition or usage. For example, if a headword can
be translated in two different ways, there is target level information for
both translation variants.</dd></dlentry>
</dl></p>
<p>The entry level can have any number of homonym levels. For example, there
are separate homonym levels for the noun <b>copy</b> and the
verb <b>copy</b>.</p>
<p>A homonym level can also have any number of sense levels depending on the
individual definition of a headword or contextual information. For example,
the noun <b>bank</b> can mean both the river bank or a financial
institution.</p>
<p>A sense level can have any number of target levels depending on the individual
translation variants. For example, the German word <b>Schnecke</b> has two English translations, <b>snail</b> and <b>slug</b>.</p>
<p>The entry fields and how they are distributed over the four levels is only
suggested by <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>. The entry fields <b>Headword</b> and <b>Translation</b> are mandatory. All other predefined fields can
be deleted or renamed. You can even omit particular levels. For example, you
can omit the homonym and sense level if you want to have only headwords and
translations in your dictionary.</p>
<p>You can also add new fields to any of the levels. You can do this when
creating a new dictionary in the <q>New dictionary</q> window by selecting <b>Add fields…</b> or by including them in the SGML dictionary
file.</p>
<p>For the list of all predefined entry fields and their corresponding SGML
tags see <xref href="sgmtags.dita#sgmtags"/>.</p>
</body></topic>