<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="dicstr4">
<title>Dictionary search criteria</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords>

<indexterm>dictionary<indexterm>search criteria</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>To search for one or more dictionary entries, the specified term can be
used as one of the following search criteria:</p>
<p>
<dl>
<dlentry><dt>Headword</dt>
<dd>The dictionary entry for the specified term is retrieved.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>Synonyms</dt>
<dd>All entries that have the specified term in the synonym field of the
dictionary entry are retrieved.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>Related terms</dt>
<dd>All entries that have the specified term in the related terms field
of the dictionary entry are retrieved.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>Abbreviations</dt>
<dd>All entries that have the specified term in the abbreviation field of
the dictionary entry are retrieved.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>Neighborhood</dt>
<dd>If the specified term exists, it is listed together with terms preceding
and following it in alphabetical order. If not, the terms that would precede
and follow it are listed.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>Compounds</dt>
<dd>All compounds that begin with the specified term are retrieved and displayed
as a list. For example, if you search for the term <b>data</b>,
the possible compounds that would be retrieved are <b>data processing</b>, <b>data model</b>, and <b>data processing
division</b>.</dd></dlentry>
</dl></p>
<p>The first four entry fields can only be used as search criteria when they
exist at the entry level shown in the following table. The entry fields are:</p>
<table pgwide="0" frame="topbot">
<tgroup cols="2" colsep="0" rowsep="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*"/>
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry valign="top" rowsep="1">Entry field</entry>
<entry valign="top" rowsep="1">Level</entry></row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry valign="top">Headword</entry>
<entry valign="top">Entry</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">Synonym</entry>
<entry valign="top">Sense</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">Other Related Terms</entry>
<entry valign="top">Sense</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">Abbrev./Fullform</entry>
<entry valign="top">Sense</entry></row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
<p>In the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> default entry structure, these fields are defined at these
levels.</p>
<p>If you are importing an SGML dictionary file and want to use any of the
above search criteria, see <xref href="sgmtags.dita#sgmtags"/> for the SGML
tags required.</p>
</body></topic>