<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="dict_DetailsView">
<title>Viewing the details of a dictionary</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords>

<indexterm>dictionary<indexterm>displaying details in list window</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>dictionary<indexterm>changing details in list window</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>viewing
the list window details of<indexterm>dictionaries</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>displaying the list window details
of<indexterm>dictionaries</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>changing the
list window details<indexterm>of dictionaries</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>In its simplest form, the <q>Dictionary List</q> window lists all of the
available dictionaries. However, if you want to see more specific details
of each dictionary, you can change your view of the <q>Dictionary List</q> window
to have it display individual properties, such as the source language, location,
or description of a dictionary.</p>
<p>The details selectable for a dictionary are: 
<dl>
<dlentry><dt>Name</dt>
<dd>The name of the dictionary.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>Description</dt>
<dd>The description of the dictionary.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>Drive</dt>
<dd>The drive on which the dictionary resides.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>Owner</dt>
<dd>Shows who created the dictionary (if it is a shared one). If it is a
local dictionary, <codeph>n/a</codeph> is displayed.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>Source language</dt>
<dd>The source language of the dictionary, this means the language of the
headwords.</dd></dlentry>
</dl></p>
<p>You can toggle between two display modes: 
<ul>
<li>Display the dictionary names only</li>
<li>Display the names and details</li>
</ul></p>
<p>You can change the arrangement of the dictionary details in the <q>Change
Details</q> window.</p>
<p>For a general description see <xref href="concept_DetailsViewChange.dita#concept_DetailsViewChange"/>. </p>
</body></topic>