<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="dict_FieldRename">
<title>Renaming a dictionary entry field</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section/>
<section><title/><indexterm>dictionary<indexterm>renaming entry fields</indexterm></indexterm>
<p>In <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>, all entry fields are automatically assigned a name. You can
change the field name to any other name. The changed names are used in all
windows where dictionary entry data is displayed. For example, you may want
to change <i>Headword</i> to <i>Term</i>,
or <i>Part of speech</i> to <i>Category</i>.
You can also change the field names to another language of your preference.</p>
<p>You can change the entry field names of an existing dictionary when you
create a new dictionary. </p>
</section>
<section><title>Prerequisites</title>
<p>Decide which dictionary entry field names you want to use in your dictionary.</p>
</section>
<section><title>Calling sequence</title>
<p>When creating a new dictionary, select: 
<ol>
<li>The <q>Dictionary List</q> window.</li>
<li><b>New…</b> from the <b>File</b> menu.
The <q>New Dictionary</q> window is displayed.</li>
<li><b>Yes…</b> next to the <b>Change entry
fields</b> option.</li>
<li>The entry field you want to rename in the <q>Change Entry Fields</q> window.</li>
<li><b>Change name…</b></li>
</ol></p>
<p>When changing the properties of an existing dictionary, select: 
<ol>
<li>The <q>Dictionary List</q> window</li>
<li>The dictionary to which you want to make changes</li>
<li><b>Properties…</b> from the <b>File</b> menu</li>
<li>The entry field you want to rename in the <q>Dictionary Properties</q> window</li>
<li><b>Change name…</b></li>
</ol></p>
<p>The <q>Change Entry Field Name</q> window is displayed.</p>
</section>
<section><title>Options and parameters</title>
<p>Type the new field name in the <b>Displayed as</b> field.
Click <b>Change</b> to rename the selected field. </p>
</section>
<section><title>Results</title>
<p>The selected dictionary entry field is renamed.</p>
<p>You are returned to the <q>Change Entry Fields</q> window when you create
a new dictionary or to the <q>Dictionary Properties</q> window when you change
the properties of an existing dictionary. </p>
</section></refbody></reference>