<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="dict_Share">
  <title>Sharing dictionaries</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>sharing<indexterm>dictionaries</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>dictionary<indexterm>sharing</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p>Sharing dictionaries with other translators in a LAN system helps you keep your own used disk
      space small and you can work with a dictionary even if another translator is using it at the
      same time. You may find this especially convenient when you work with fellow translators on
      the same project. For example, if you must translate a term that a fellow translator has added
      to the shared dictionary only recently, you can instantly use your colleague’s translation by
      copying it from the shared dictionary.</p>
    <p>If you wish to work with shared dictionaries, you must note the following prerequisites: <ol>
        <li><b>Install the LAN software.</b> The appropriate LAN software must be installed (see
            <xref href="prep_Software.dita#prep_Software"/> for the supported software). </li>
        <li><b>Log on to the LAN.</b> You must be logged on to the LAN. </li>
        <li><b>Define a shared disk.</b> At least one of your disks must be defined as shared disk.
          In <b><tm trademark="Windows" tmowner="Microsoft Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="special">Windows</tm></b> you do this 
          using the FileManager. In NOVELL Netware and <tm trademark="IBM" tmowner="IBM Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="ibm">IBM</tm> LAN
          Manager LANs you use the NET USE command. It is recommended to share the entire disk because 
          <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> creates its own subdirectory structure on this disk. </li>
        <li><b>Specify a dictionary as shared.</b> The dictionary you want to share must be defined
          to reside on a shared disk. This can only be done when a new dictionary is created. See
            <xref href="dict_Create.dita#dict_Create"/> for learning how to create a
          dictionary that can be shared. Note that it is not possible to redefine a local dictionary
          as shared at a later time. It must be done when it is created. If you created the
          dictionary, you can now start working with it. If you want to use a dictionary created by
          someone else, see the next step. </li>
        <li><b>Connect the shared dictionary.</b> To use a dictionary that is defined as shared and
          not created by you, you must add it to your Dictionary List. See <xref href="dict_SharedAccess.dita#dict_SharedAccess"/> to learn how to do this.</li>
      </ol></p>
  </body>
</topic>
