<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="dicwrk">
<title>Working with dictionaries</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords>

<indexterm>dictionary<indexterm>definition of</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>A dictionary is a database that contains terms, their translations, and
other related information.</p>
<p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> provides a set of bilingual dictionaries with general vocabulary
for English, German, French, Spanish, and Italian.</p>
<p>You need dictionaries to look up the translations of individual terms or
have these terms displayed automatically in the <q>Dictionary</q> window during
translation. </p>
<p>A <i>dictionary entry</i> contains all data relating to
a term (or <i>headword</i>). The dictionary entry structure
describes which data elements can be stored for a term in a dictionary.</p>
<p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> provides a general dictionary structure that you can use as a model
for building a dictionary serving your own purposes. Headword and Translation
are mandatory fields. Certain entry fields, for example Synonym and Related
term, are reserved for search criteria available during lookup in a dictionary.</p>
<p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> can handle dictionaries with simple and complex structures.</p>
<p>The general dictionary entry structure in <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> is divided into four embedded
levels to contain, for example, verb and noun entries, different meanings
(senses), and translation variants.</p>
<p>In <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> a dictionary can have two formats: 
<ul>
<li>An internal dictionary is a dictionary that exists in <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>.</li>
<li>A dictionary in external format is an SGML-based data file. SGML is the
data exchange format required for importing dictionary data into <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>. When
a dictionary in the internal format is exported, it is automatically converted
into SGML. When you import an external dictionary, it is automatically converted
to the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> format.</li>
</ul></p>
<p>All dictionary data in other text-processor or database formats needs to
be converted into SGML by, for example, a program or database macro.</p>
<p>You can create your own dictionaries from existing terminology imported
into <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>, or from scratch while you are translating.</p>
<p>For more information on the dictionary structure and on how to construct
an SGML-based file, see: 
<ul>
<li><xref href="dicstr2.dita#dicstr2"/></li>
<li><xref href="dicstr1.dita#dicstr1"/></li>
</ul> </p>
</body></topic>