<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="displayorigtranslprop">
<title>Displaying the original of a translation proposal</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords>

<indexterm>Translation Memory matches<indexterm>displaying their sources</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>matches<indexterm>displaying their sources</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>To view the source of a translation proposal double-click
anywhere within the <q>Translation Memory</q> window. The <q>Source
of Proposal(s)</q> window shows the original text of a proposal found
in the Translation Memory, for example, the English original of a
German translation. The original text of an exact match is preceded
by <codeph>[0]</codeph>, that of a fuzzy match by <codeph>[f]</codeph>.
This window also shows the segment that is currently active in the
original document. The source of a proposal is displayed below the
currently active segment. These segments are compared with one another,
and differences are indicated by color.</p>
<pYou can change the colors by selecting <b>Colors...</b> from
the <b>Options</b> menu of the <q>Translation</q> window.</p>
<p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> indicates the correspondence and differences
between the source text of a found proposal and the currently active
source text. This helps you determine how strongly you can rely on
a translation proposal. If the source of the proposal differs from
the segment currently to be translated, do not take the match as is,
but change it so that the translation matches the original you are
currently translating.</p>
<p>The following gives you an example how <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> indicates
differences:
<ul>
<li>Terms that occur in the source of the translation proposal but
not in the currently active source segment. 
<p>Current segment: 
<codeblock>0 - These are the descriptions of the products that
    will eventually be shown at the 2000 fair.</codeblock></p>
<p> Translation
proposal (German): 
<codeblock>1[f] - Dies sind die Beschreibungen der Produkte, die dann
       auf der COMDEX Messe 2000 gezeigt werden.</codeblock></p>
<p> Source
of proposal: 
<codeblock>1[f] - These are the descriptions of the products that
       will eventually be shown at the 2000 <u>COMDEX</u> fair.</codeblock></p>
<p>The
part that differs is underlined here. The proposal must be altered
to reflect the meaning of the current segment.</p></li>
<li>Terms that are different in the source of the match compared to
the currently active segment. 
<p>Current segment: 
<codeblock>0 - These are the descriptions of the products that
    will eventually be shown at the 2000 fair.</codeblock></p>
<p>Proposal
(German): 
<codeblock>1[f] - Dies sind die Beschreibungen einiger Produkte, die
       dann auf der Messe 2000 gezeigt werden.</codeblock></p>
<p>Source
of proposal: 
<codeblock>1[f] - These are the descriptions of <b>some</b> products that
       will eventually be shown at the 2000 fair.</codeblock></p>
<p>The
part that differs is shown in bold. The proposal must be changed to
reflect the meaning of the current segment.</p></li>
<li>Terms that occur in the currently active segment but not in the
source of the proposal. 
<p>Current segment: 
<codeblock>0 - These are the descriptions of the products that
    will eventually be shown at the 2000 fair.</codeblock></p>
<p>Proposal
(German): 
<codeblock>1[f] - Dies sind die Beschreibungen der Produkte, die
       auf der Messe 2000 gezeigt werden.</codeblock></p>
<p>Source of proposal: 
<codeblock>1[f] - These are the descriptions of the products that will
    <calloutlabel>?</calloutlabel> be shown at the 2000 fair.</codeblock></p>
<p>The
part that differs is indicated by a question mark. The proposal must
be altered to reflect the meaning of the current segment. That means,
a translation for the term <codeph>eventually</codeph>, which is not included
in the source of the proposal but in the current source, must be added
at the <calloutlabel>?</calloutlabel> position.</p></li>
</ul></p>
<p>Text that is identical in the active segment and in the source
of the proposal is not highlighted. However, you can have the identical
parts displayed in a color of your choice.</p>
</body></topic>