<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="doc_SpellcheckAddendum">
<title>Editing the spellcheck addendum</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section/>
<section><title/><indexterm>spellchecking<indexterm>addendum terms, editing</indexterm></indexterm>
<p>You can add terms which have been indicated as misspelled by the
spellcheck facility (although spelled correctly) to an addendum for
the language-support file of the current target language. During the
next spellcheck, terms of this addendum are considered to be correct.
You can modify this addendum at any time, for example, to remove terms
that have been added by mistake. </p>
</section>
<section><title>Prerequisites</title>
<p>The document must be translated, and you must be in the Translation
Environment. </p>
</section>
<section><title>Calling sequence</title>
<p>Select <b>Edit addendum terms...</b> from the <b>Spellcheck</b> menu.</p>
<p>The <q>Edit Addendum Terms</q> window is displayed.</p>
</section>
<section><title>Options and parameters</title>
<p>The terms in the addendum can be modified as follows:
<ul>
<li>To change a term, overtype it.</li>
<li>To add a term, press Enter, and type the new term.</li>
<li>To remove a term, mark it and press Enter.</li>
</ul></p>
<p>Clipboard operations (cut, copy, paste) are supported.</p>
<p>To save your changes, select <b>Save</b>.</p>
<p>To leave the window without saving your changes, select <b>Cancel</b>. </p>
</section>
<section><title>Results</title>
<p>The corrections you made are saved and taken into account during
subsequent spellchecks.</p>
</section></refbody></reference>