<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="doc_AnalyzeAbbreviation">
  <title>Maintaining abbreviation lists</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section/>
    <section>
      <title/>
      <indexterm>abbreviation list<indexterm>maintaining </indexterm></indexterm>
      <p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> uses language-specific
        abbreviation lists to identify correct endings of a sentence. This prevents that the period
        after an abbreviation is interpreted as the end of a sentence during analysis, for example
        in a sentence like <codeph>For details see books, films, magazines, etc. and keep the subject in mind.</codeph>. 
        The period after <codeph>etc.</codeph> is not considered to be the end of the sentence.</p>
      <p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> provides <b>default</b> abbreviation
        lists for each source language supported. Since the <b>system</b> abbreviation lists (the default abbreviation list)
        can not be changed by the users, users can add <b>new</b> abbreviations (or delete or modify existing user 
        abbreviations) by using the <b>User abbreviation lists</b>. 
      </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Prerequisites</title>
      <ul>
        <li>The <q>Language List</q> window must be active (from the <b>Utilities</b> drop-down menu, select 
          <b>Display Language List</b>).</li>
        <li>The language you want to work with must be in active state (select it by clicking on it, the background color changes).</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Calling sequence</title>
      <p>Select: 
        <ol>
          <li>An active language</li>
          <li>From the <b>File</b> menu select <b>Open</b> or double-click the name of the language (e.g. double click on <q>English(U.S.)</q></li>
        </ol>
      </p>
      <p>The panel <q>Edit User Abbreviations for: language</q> is displayed. 
         The <q>User abbreviations</q> are listed in the left hand pane of the panel, and the <q>System abbreviations</q> 
         (the default abbreviations) are listed in the right hand pane of the panel. The entries in <q>System abbreviations</q> 
         can not be changed. To <b>add</b> an entry in <q>User abbreviations</q>, put the cursor into the pane, and type in the 
         abbreviation (e.g. type in <q>Info.</q>). To <b>delete</b> an entry in the <q>User abbreviations</q>, mark the abreviation 
         term in the pane, and delete the abbreviation (e.g. delete the abbreviation <q>Info.</q>). Finally press the button 
         <b>Save</b> to save all changes.
      </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Options and parameters</title>
      <parml>
        <plentry>
          <pt>User abbreviation lists</pt>
          <pd>To <b>update</b> an existing user abbreviation, just overtype it. To <b>add</b> a new abbreviation, put the cursor 
            before or behind any existing entry, switch to the cursor <b>Insert mode</b>, and press the Enter. Type in the new 
            abbreviation. To <b>delete</b> an abbreviation, use the Backspace key. Note that you need to end any abbreviation with 
            a full stop.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>Save</pt>
          <pd>To save any changes and close this window.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>Cancel</pt>
          <pd>To close this window without saving any changes.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>Help</pt>
          <pd>To get information on how to interact with this window.</pd>
        </plentry>
      </parml>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Results</title>
      <p>The language-specific list of user-abbreviations is updated and will be used for subsequent analysis runs. 
         Depending on the selected language, abbreviations have been changed, added, or removed from the user abbreviation 
         list for this specific language.</p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
