<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="doc_TranslatorNotesEnvironment">
  <title>Translator's notes in the Translation Environment</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p><indexterm>&lt;TRNOTE&gt; (translator's note) markup</indexterm>A note in a document is
      referred to by <b>&lt;TRNOTE&gt;</b> in the Translation Environment. You can view all
      translator's notes contained in the currently displayed document in one of the following ways: <ul>
        <li><indexterm>translator's notes<indexterm>ways to
              view</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>viewing<indexterm>translator's
              notes</indexterm></indexterm>Double-click <b>&lt;TRNOTE&gt;</b>.</li>
        <li>Select <b>Commands...</b> from the <b>Options</b> menu, select the <b>TRNote window</b>
          entry, and then press <b>Run</b>.</li>
        <li>Use the keys that you assigned to this command using the <b>Keys</b> dialog.</li>
        <li>Select the <b>Translator’s note</b> entry from the <b>File</b> menu.</li>
      </ul></p>
    <p>You then get the <q>Translator’s Note</q> window containing all notes available in your
      current document. When you double-click a note in this window, the input focus is set on the
      segment next to the note.</p>
    <p><b>&lt;TRNOTE&gt;</b> is treated like any markup tag in <keyword
        conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>: <ul>
        <li><indexterm>&lt;TRNOTE&gt; (translator's note)
              markup<indexterm>hiding</indexterm><indexterm>shrinking</indexterm><indexterm>changing
              name</indexterm><indexterm>changing color</indexterm><indexterm>changing
              font</indexterm></indexterm>You can hide it or display it in shrink
              mode.<indexterm>hiding<indexterm>&lt;TRNOTE&gt; (translator's note)
            markup</indexterm></indexterm></li>
        <li>You can change its name in the <b>Note</b> field on the <q>Display</q> page of the
            <q>Customize Translation Functions</q> window (see <xref
            href="edit_Profile.dita#edit_Profile"/>). This changes the term
            <b>&lt;TRNOTE&gt;</b> in the Translation Environment, but has no effect on how
          translator's notes are marked up in a source document. <indexterm>changing<indexterm>name
              of &lt;TRNOTE&gt; (translator's note) markup</indexterm></indexterm></li>
        <li>You can change its foreground and background colors. The defaults are black
          and cyan, respectively. You might want to change them if you work with documents that
          contain many translator's notes, or notes that are difficult to perceive in context. See
            <xref href="edit_ColorsFonts.dita#edit_ColorsFonts"/> for
              details.<indexterm>changing<indexterm>color of &lt;TRNOTE&gt; (translator's note)
              markup</indexterm></indexterm></li>
        <li>You can change its font, style, and size (if you work with the RTFEdit
          editor) to differentiate it from surrounding text. See <xref
            href="edit_ColorsFonts.dita#edit_ColorsFonts"/> for
              details.<indexterm>changing<indexterm>font of &lt;TRNOTE&gt; (translator's note)
              markup</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>RTFEdit editor<indexterm>changing font of
              &lt;TRNOTE&gt; markup</indexterm></indexterm></li>
      </ul>
    </p>
  </body>
</topic>
