<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="doc_TranslatorNotes">
<title>Translator's notes in a source document</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords>

<indexterm>translator's notes<indexterm>ways to add</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>translator's notes<indexterm>in source document</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>trnote1<indexterm>translator's notes tag</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>trnote2<indexterm>translator's notes tag</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> supports translator's notes for document types
that allow for annotations or hidden text that do not appear in a
printed document. For example, SGML documents, <tm trademark="BookMaster" tmowner="IBM Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="ibm">BookMaster</tm> documents,
and word processors like <tm trademark="Microsoft" tmowner="Microsoft Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="special">Microsoft</tm> Word
for <tm trademark="Windows" tmowner="Microsoft Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="special">Windows</tm> Version 6, and WordPerfect, allow for
annotations.</p>
<p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> uses this capability to nest translator's notes
inside annotations.</p>
<p>The following example shows the source of a <tm trademark="BookMaster" tmowner="IBM Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="ibm">BookMaster</tm> document
any how the author has added an annotation and several translator's
notes. Note that <codeph>:annot.</codeph> and <codeph>:eannot.</codeph> are <tm trademark="BookMaster" tmowner="IBM Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="ibm">BookMaster</tm> markup tags, which enclose an ordinary
annotation. <codeph>trnote1:</codeph> and <codeph>trnote2:</codeph> are <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>
extensions that start a level 1 and level 2 translator's note. The
latter need to be nested inside <tm trademark="BookMaster" tmowner="IBM Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="ibm">BookMaster</tm> annotations.
<codeblock>...text...
 :annot. This is an ordinary BookMaster annotation from the author,
not a translator's note. <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> ignores it. :eannot. 
...text...  :annot.trnote1: Important: Always translate "Insert" with
"Einfuegen" in order to be consistent throughout the documentation
and the menu items. :eannot.  ...text...  :annot.trnote2: If time:
check for proper translation of "Manual change". :eannot.        
                                                                 
      </codeblock></p>
<p>If you just want to add translator's notes, you can specify them
by adding <codeph>trnote1:</codeph> or <codeph>trnote2:</codeph> markups inside
annotation markups of a document. Both markups are identical for all
supported document types. Upper case notation is supported.</p>
<p>If you work with markup tables in more detail, note that the <codeph>trnote1:</codeph> and <codeph>trnote2:</codeph> markups
are defined in the markup tables that support an annotation or hiding
method.</p>
</body></topic>