<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="docexp1as">
<title id="as18042006exportingdocumentsas"><!--rev=as18042006-->Exporting documents</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section/>
<section><title>Purpose</title><indexterm>document<indexterm>OTMBATCH: exporting
(from command area)</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>exporting<indexterm>OTMBATCH:
documents (from command area)</indexterm></indexterm>
<p>If you have many large documents that you want to export, using
the command area of your operating system instead of <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>
windows might be more convenient.</p>
<p>Before exporting, ensure that: 
<ul>
<li><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> has been started.</li>
<li>A folder exists that contains the documents to be exported.</li>
</ul></p>
<p>The properties of the folder or of the documents give information
on the used markup table and other document-related information that
is necessary when exporting the respective documents.</p>
<p>To work from the command area, use the <b>OTMBATCH</b> command.
Its syntax is described in the following chapter. </p>
</section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title><indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm>exporting documents</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>commands<indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm otherprops="">exporting documents</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
<p>The following syntax diagrams describe how you export a document
from the <tm trademark="Windows" tmowner="Microsoft Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="special">Windows</tm> command area. Note that
lowercase letters in a parameter name are optional and need not be
typed.</p>
<syntaxdiagram>
<groupseq><kwd>OTMBATCH</kwd></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>TAsk</kwd><oper>=</oper><kwd>DOCEXP</kwd></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>FLD</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>folder</var></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>STartpath</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>startpath</var></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>FIles</kwd><oper>=</oper>
<groupchoice>
<groupseq><var>file_name</var></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>(</delim>
<groupseq><repsep>,</repsep><var>file_name</var></groupseq><delim>)</delim></groupseq>
<groupseq><oper>@</oper><var>list_file_name</var></groupseq></groupchoice></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>OPtions</kwd><oper>=</oper>
<groupchoice><kwd>TARGET</kwd><kwd>SOURCE</kwd><kwd>SNOMATCH</kwd><kwd>VALDOC</kwd></groupchoice></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><kwd>VAL = valoptions</kwd></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>OVerwrite</kwd><oper>=</oper>
<groupchoice><kwd importance="default">NO</kwd><kwd>YES</kwd></groupchoice>
<groupseq importance="optional">
<groupchoice>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><var>QUIET</var></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><var>QUIET=NOMSG</var></groupseq></groupchoice></groupseq></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
</refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title>
<parml>
<plentry><pt>/TAsk=DOCEXP</pt>
<pd><codeph>DOCEXP</codeph> specifies that you want to export a document.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/FLD=<synph><var>folder</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>folder</var></synph> specifies the name of the folder containing
the documents that you want to export.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/STartpath=<synph><var>startpath</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>startpath</var></synph> specifies the drive, directory, or both where
the file exported is to be placed. The path information specified
becomes part of, that is it prefixes, the name of the document. The
directory specified must already exist.
<p>If you omit this parameter,
the document is placed in the drive and directory specified in <synph><var>file_name</var></synph>.
However, this drive and directory does not become part of the document
name.</p></pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/FIles=<synph><var>file_name</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>file_name</var></synph> specifies the name of the document
you want to export. The <synph><var>file_name</var></synph> specification can include
the drive and directory where the file exported is to be placed. The
subdirectory specified here must already exist.
<p>You can use the
wildcard characters '*' and '?' in the name part of the parameter
to export all documents matching the given name pattern (e.g. "C:\DOCEXP\*.DOC"
to export all documents with a file name extension of ".DOC" to the
directory "C:\DOCEXP").</p>
<p>If you specify several documents, enclose
the document names in brackets and separate them by commas.</p>
<p>If
you want to specify a list of document names in a list file, refer
to this list file by preceding the list file name with the <codeph>@</codeph> symbol
(<codeph>@</codeph><synph><var>list_file_name</var></synph>). In the list file enclose
the document names in brackets and separate them by commas.</p></pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/OPtions=</pt>
<pd>Specifies whether you want to export an original document
(SOURCE), a translation (TARGET), a document with nonmatching segments
(SNOMATCH), or a validation document (VALDOC).</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/VAL=</pt>
<pd>Specifies additional options for the export of validation
documents. These options control the format of the validation document
(XML, HTML, DOC or ODT), the inclusion of protected segments (PROTSEGS)
and allows to combine all exported documents into one validation document
(COMBINE). If you specify more than one option, you must enclose them
in brackets and seperate the individual options using a comma. </pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/OVerwrite=</pt>
<pd>Specifies whether an existing document is overwritten when exporting
a document with the same name (<codeph>NO</codeph> is the default).</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/QUIET</pt>
<pd>If you specify the parameter in this format, you are not prompted
with any message window. If you do not specify any of the /quiet paramaters,
a message window pops up whenever an error occurs or when the task
has successfully completed.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/QUIET=NOMSG</pt>
<pd>If you specify this parameter, you are not prompted with any
message window. Any error message text is routed to stdout.</pd></plentry>
</parml>
<note>You can type the commands in uppercase,
lowercase, or in mixed-case letters.</note>
</section>
<example><title>Examples</title>
<p>The following example shows how to export a document using the
OTMBATCH command with the TASK option.</p><required-cleanup>
<section><title>Example</title>
<codeblock>otmbatch /task=docexp /fld=pharma /files=c:\med.txt /options=target
       /overwrite=yes</codeblock></section></required-cleanup>
<p>In this example, the document to be exported is called <codeph>med.txt</codeph>.
It is contained in folder <codeph>pharma</codeph>. The translation of <codeph>med.txt</codeph> is
exported to the root directory of drive C. If <codeph>med.txt</codeph> already
exists, it is overwritten.</p>
<p>The following example shows how to export documents in
external format with a path.</p><required-cleanup>
<section><title>Example</title>
<codeblock>otmbatch /task=docexp /fld=sample1 /startpath=i:\transl
       /files=(test1\demo1.scr,test1\demo2.scr)</codeblock></section></required-cleanup>
<p>The document <codeph>test1\demo1.scr</codeph> is exported to <codeph>i:\transl\test1\demo1.scr</codeph> and
the document <codeph>test1\demo2.scr</codeph> is exported to <codeph>i:\transl\test1\demo2.scr</codeph>.</p>
<p>The following example shows how to export all documents of the
folder as validation format documents in HTML format and to combine
them into a single document. </p><required-cleanup>
<section><title>Example</title>
<codeblock>otmbatch /task=docexp /fld=pharma /files=c:\valdoc\*.* /options=VALDOC
         /val=(HTML, COMBINE) /overwrite=yes</codeblock></section></required-cleanup>
<p>In this example, all documents of the folder <codeph>pharma</codeph> are
exported in validation format and are combined into one HTML document.
The combined document is stored in the directory <codeph>C:\valdoc\</codeph> and
has a name of <codeph>pharma.html</codeph> (When several documents are combined
ino one validation document the name of the folder is used for the
combined document).</p>
</example></refbody></reference>