<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="docoverview">
<title>Overview and terminology</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords>

<indexterm>document<indexterm>overview of functions</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>You must first <i>import</i> documents you want
to translate into <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> (see <xref href="docimp.dita#docimp"/>).</p>
<p>This can be done by importing documents into an existing folder.
At this point, <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> asks you to specify the properties of the document.
You can either let the system assign the default properties of the
folder to which the document belongs, or you can assign different
properties to the document.</p>
<p>Another method for importing documents is to import a complete
folder that contains at least one document (see <xref href="folimp.dita#folimp"/>).</p>
<p>When you go to the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlenv"/> to begin translating a new document, <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> <i>analyzes</i> the document to distinguish between the
text that requires translation and markup data. It then splits up
the document into translatable <i>segments</i>—which
usually correspond to individual sentences—and markup data that
is not to be translated.</p>
<p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> can distinguish between abbreviations ended
by a period and the end of a sentence. It uses an abbreviation list
to correctly identify sentence boundaries. See <xref href="abbrev.dita#abbrev"/> to
learn how to maintain an abbreviation list.</p>
<p>The <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> editor displays the segments to be translated and the
markup in different colors so that you can easily distinguish between
the two. As you move from segment to segment, the markup data is skipped.</p>
<p>With the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> editor, you can check the spelling in the translated
document and see suggestions for correct spellings.</p>
<p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> also includes a <i>word count</i> function,
which shows you the number of words and markup tags in the original
and translated documents.</p>
<p>Prior to translating a document, you can check a document against
the dictionaries that are installed with <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> to compile a list
of terms in the document that are not currently in the dictionaries.
You can choose to add terms from this <i>new terms
list</i> to a dictionary.</p>
<p>When translating a new version of an existing document that has
already been translated, you should check whether a <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> for the
document already exists, or whether one can be generated.</p>
<p>To continue translating a document that has been partly translated
by somebody else, you should first acquire all related translation
material. In particular, ask for the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> and all the dictionaries
that were used. These can be passed to you in the form of an exported
folder.</p>
<p>You can then display details of the document in the <q>Document
List</q> window, such as the properties and processing status of a
document, the date of import, date of analysis, and what percentage
of the document has already been translated.</p>
<p>After completing a translation, you can choose to <i>export</i> a
document back into its original format to load it into the original
word processing system for a final layout review. </p>
</body></topic>