<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="docopcl">
<title><!--rev=as10112006-->Opening a document</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section/>
<section><title>Purpose</title><indexterm>document<indexterm>opening (from command
area)</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>opening<indexterm>documents (from command
area)</indexterm></indexterm>
<p>Instead of using <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> windows to open a document,
you might find it more convenient to use a command.</p>
</section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title><indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm>opening documents</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>commands<indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm otherprops="">opening documents</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
<p>The following syntax diagram describes how you open a document
from the <tm trademark="Windows" tmowner="Microsoft Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="special">Windows</tm> command line. Note that
lowercase letters in a parameter name are optional and need not be
typed.</p>
<syntaxdiagram>
<groupseq><kwd>OTMBATCH</kwd></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>TAsk</kwd><oper>=</oper><kwd>DOCOPEN</kwd></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>FLD</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>folder</var></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>NAme</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>document_name</var></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>SEgment=segnumber</kwd></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>QUIET</kwd></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
</refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title>
<parml>
<plentry><pt>/TAsk=DOCOPEN</pt>
<pd><codeph>DOCOPEN</codeph> specifies that you want to open a document.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/FLD=<synph><var>folder</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>folder</var></synph> specifies the name of the folder that contains
the document you want to open.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/NAme=<synph><var>document_name</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>document_name</var></synph> specifies the name of the document to
be opened.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/SEgment=<synph><var>segnumber</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>segnumber</var></synph> specifies the number of the segment which
is to be activated when the document is opened.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/QUIET</pt>
<pd>If you specify this parameter, you are not prompted with any
message window. If you do not specify this parameter, a message window
pops up whenever an error occurs or when the task has successfully
completed.</pd></plentry>
</parml>
<note>You can type the commands in uppercase, lowercase,
or in mixed-case letters. You may not use any wildcard characters,
such as an asterisk (*). </note>
</section>
<example><title>Examples</title>
<p>The following example shows how to open a document using the OTMBATCH
command.</p><required-cleanup>
<section><title>Example</title>
<codeblock>otmbatch /task=docopen /fld=sample1 /name=device.scr</codeblock></section></required-cleanup>
<p>This command opens the document DEVICE.SCR which is stored in folder
SAMPLE1.</p>
</example></refbody></reference>