<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="docxlt">
<title>Translating a document</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section/>
<section><title/><indexterm>translating<indexterm>documents</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>document<indexterm>translating</indexterm></indexterm>
<p>To prepare the translation of documents you can generate terminology
lists, for example, to add new terms to a dictionary or generate a <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> from
previous translations.</p>
<p>To translate the documents, the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlenv"/> offers common editor functions
and specific functions for translation, such as dictionary lookup
and copying translation proposals. Using these functions helps you
translate documents more efficiently.</p>
<p>When you translate several documents on the same subject, the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> used
will grow, and the number of translation proposals will increase.</p>
</section>
<section><title>Prerequisites</title>
<ul>
<li>The document must have been imported.</li>
<li>To begin translating a document, it must be opened.</li>
</ul>
</section>
<section><title>Calling sequence</title>
<p>Select: 
<ol>
<li>The document to be translated from the <q>Document List</q> window</li>
<li><b>Open</b> from the <b>File</b> menu</li>
</ol></p>
<p>The <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlenv"/> is displayed. It consists of a number of windows. The
selected document is shown in the <q>Translation</q> window. If the
document you selected has already been partially translated, the cursor
is positioned on the first untranslated segment and you can continue
there.</p>
</section>
<section><title>Options and parameters</title>
<p>For information on how to use the editor functions, see <xref href="eqf7b04.dita#eqf7b04"/>. </p>
</section>
<section><title>Results</title>
<p>You can choose the sequence in which you translate documents. You
can also translate parts of a document at a time and continue later
until the documents are completely translated. If needed, you can
export partially translated documents and give them to other <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> users
who can continue the translation.</p>
<p>When you have completed the translation of the segments of a document, <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> automatically
switches to the postediting mode where you can review the translation
and check the spelling. The <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> you used contains all segments
and their translations and can be used for documents containing similar
texts. You can postedit it whenever a translation needs to be modified.</p>
</section></refbody></reference>