<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="env_TranslationEnvironment">
  <title>The Translation Environment</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>Translation Environment<indexterm>definition of</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p>When you selected a document for translation and opened it, <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> takes you to
      the Translation Environment. It is the environment where you: 
      <ul>
        <li>Type the translation</li>
        <li>Can view and copy translations for specific terms</li>
        <li>Can view and copy previously translated text segments</li>
        <li>Can decide whether you use the keyboard or the mouse for a task</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>To save you from paper-shuffling, <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> automatically looks up terms in
      dictionaries and retrieves previous translations. You see the findings on the screen, and you can copy them if they are appropriate 
      for your current context.</p>
    <p>To conveniently do this, the Translation Environment is divided into the following subwindows: 
      <ul>
        <li>The <q>Translation</q> window <indexterm>Translation Environment<indexterm>Translation window</indexterm>
          </indexterm><indexterm>windows<indexterm>Translation</indexterm></indexterm>Displays the text to be translated, broken into segments. 
          The first segment ready for translation is shown with a yellow background. 
          <p>All formatting information is displayed in red. 
          <ph>To avoid that it takes up too much space on your screen or distracts you from the actual text, you can reduce or hide it.</ph> 
          By default it is protected from being overwritten. This ensures that the layout of the original text is retained in the translation.</p>
          <p>In this window you perform the actual translation with an editor that provides functions that are especially useful for translating.</p>
          <p>You do the actual translation by inserting or overtyping text. While editing the translation document, the original document is in the 
            background. You can switch to it whenever necessary.</p>
        </li>
        <li>The <q>Translation Memory</q> window <indexterm>Translation Environment<indexterm>Translation Memory window</indexterm></indexterm>
          <indexterm>windows<indexterm>Translation Memory</indexterm></indexterm>Displays translation proposals that are based on previously 
          translated segments. <p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> finds these proposals by looking through a database 
          called Translation Memory that contains all text segments you ever translated together with their corresponding translations.</p>
          <p>When first created, the Translation Memory is empty. It is gradually filled as you continue translating. If it contains a segment 
            that matches your currently active segment, <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> lets you know how you 
            translated it before.</p>
          <p>These proposals can be exact or fuzzy, depending on how precisely they match the current original segment. It is up to you to decide 
            if you copy the proposal as is, or modify it to suit your current context.</p>
          <p>Exact proposals can occur multiple times in a Translation Memory if the same sentence has been translated in different contexts. 
            This fact is shown in the <q>Translation Memory</q> window by a <codeph>[<i>x</i>++]</codeph> string preceding the original segment, 
            where <codeph><i>x</i></codeph> represents the number of available proposals. To display all proposals, double-click 
            <codeph>++</codeph> or press the assigned shortcut key. To permanently set this option, see 
            <xref href="edit_Profile.dita#edit_Profile"/>.<indexterm>display all exact proposals</indexterm>
            <indexterm>proposals<indexterm>display all</indexterm></indexterm></p>
          <p>If only the tagging differs between a segment and a proposal, the proposal is still considered to be an exact match. When you copy 
            the proposal, its tagging is adapted to the tagging in the segment currently being translated.</p>
          <p>If the Translation Memory offers more than one fuzzy proposal, the first proposal is most likely to fit in the current context. In 
            the second or third fuzzy proposal the differences to the current original segment increase, and you have to be careful when
            you copy them.</p>
          <p>To ease your decision which multiple fuzzy proposals to consider, you can customize 
            <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> to display a quality number with every fuzzy proposal. This quality number 
            (a percentage number) ranks different proposals, and you might just ignore proposals below a certain level. See 
            <xref href="edit_Profile.dita#edit_Profile"/> about how to customize <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>.</p>
          <p>To learn how to copy a Translation Memory proposal see <xref href="edit_SpecificFunctions.dita#edit_SpecificFunctions"/>.</p>
        </li>
        <li>The <q>Dictionary</q> window <indexterm>Translation Environment<indexterm>Dictionary window</indexterm></indexterm>
          <indexterm>windows<indexterm>Dictionary</indexterm></indexterm>Displays translations that are found for terms in the currently active 
          segment. 
          <p>The title bar of this window contains the dictionaries used for the translation. Depending on what you specified 
            on the Dictionary page of the <q>Customize Translation Functions</q> window (see <xref href="edit_Profile.dita#edit_Profile"/>), 
            the dictionaries and the translation of the source terms are numbered.</p>
          <p>When a new segment is activated, <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> automatically looks up specific
            terms of this segment in the related dictionary. For example, if the term <b>proposals</b> is to be looked up, it is reduced to 
            <b>proposal</b>. If a translation for <b>proposal</b> has been found in a dictionary, it is shown in the <q>Dictionary</q> window.</p>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>Whenever you activate a segment for translation, the <q>Translation Memory</q> and the <q>Dictionary</q> window reflect this by presenting 
      appropriate translation proposals for this segment.</p>
    <p>To learn how to copy a dictionary proposal see <xref href="edit_SpecificFunctions.dita#edit_SpecificFunctions"/>.</p>
  </body>
</topic>
