<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00600">
<title>FORMAT2.FRM</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords>

<indexterm>format files<indexterm>FORMAT2.FRM</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>This format file prints the templates for each entry without formatting. A
template is all entry field information on all levels (entry level, homonym
level, sense level, and target level) relating to one specific translation
of a headword. The following is an illustration of a dictionary entry.</p>
<p>FORMAT2.FRM looks as follows:</p>
<section><title>Part of FORMAT2.FRM</title>
<codeblock>&lt;entryprt&gt;
=======================
&lt;var name =Headword&gt;
&lt;repeat name=Headword&gt;
  &lt;var name='Part of Speech'&gt;
  &lt;var name=Translation&gt;
  &lt;var name=Abbrev./Fullform&gt;
&lt;/repeat&gt;
&lt;/entryprt&gt;</codeblock></section>
<p><codeph>&lt;var name=Headword&gt;</codeph> means that the headword is
printed. <codeph>&lt;repeat...&gt;</codeph> means that the Part of Speech, the Translation,
and the Abbrev./Fullform entry fields are printed
until a different headword is found. If the fields for Part
of Speech, Translation, or Abbrev./Fullform in the dictionary are
not filled, an empty line is printed. </p>
<p>The following sample shows how your dictionary printout would look. Assume
that the dictionary is English-German and the sample format FORMAT2.FRM has
been used for formatting. Two entries (rule and run) are extracted.</p>
<section><title>Sample printout</title>
<codeblock>=======================
rule
  verb
  regieren

rule
  noun
  Regel

=======================
run
  verb
  laufen

run
  noun
  Lauf</codeblock></section>
</body></topic>