<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00399">
  <title>Creating an Initial <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> from the command line
  </title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section/>
    <section>
      <title>Purpose</title>
      <indexterm>Initial Translation Memory (ITM)<indexterm>creating (from command area)</indexterm></indexterm>
      <indexterm>creating<indexterm>Initial Translation Memory (ITM) databases (from command area)</indexterm></indexterm>
      <p>If you need to create Initial <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>
         (ITM) databases frequently, you might find it more convenient to use a command instead of
         the procedure described in <xref href=""/>.</p>
      <p>
         <ph>The correctness of the aligned segment pairs in an internal ITM can be checked with a
         text editor as described in <xref href="eqfr5mst-00236.dita#eqfr5mst-00236"/> or 
         <xref href="eqfr5mst-00400.dita#eqfr5mst-00400"/>.</ph>
      </p>
      <p>When you consider the Initial <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>
         to be correct, you can begin using it for your translations.</p>
      <p>The OTMITM command has additional options compared to the window version: 
        <ul>
          <li>You not only can create an internal 
              <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>, but also an external 
              <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>.</li>
          <li>You must not fill the internal 
              <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>.</li>
          <li>You can suppress the confirmation message.</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <refsyn>
      <title>Format</title>
      <indexterm>OTMITM<indexterm>creating an Initial Translation Memory</indexterm></indexterm>
      <indexterm>commands<indexterm>OTMITM<indexterm otherprops="">creating an Initial Translation Memory</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
      <p>The following syntax diagrams describe how you create an initial 
         <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> from the 
         <tm trademark="Windows" tmowner="Microsoft Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="special">Windows</tm> command area.
         Note that lowercase letters in a parameter name are optional and need not be typed.</p>
      <syntaxdiagram>
        <groupseq>
          <kwd>OTMITM</kwd>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>MEm</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>memdb</var>
          <synnote>Mandatory, but not filled if <codeph>/TYPE=NOTM</codeph></synnote>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>FIles</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <groupchoice>
            <groupseq>
              <fragref>file_pairs</fragref>
            </groupseq>
            <groupseq>
              <oper>@</oper>
              <var>list_file_name</var>
            </groupseq>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
        <groupchoice>
          <kwd>─</kwd>
          <synnote>Mandatory except for <codeph>/TYPE=NOANA</codeph></synnote>
          <groupseq>
            <delim>/</delim>
            <kwd>MArkup</kwd>
            <oper>=</oper>
            <var>markup</var>
          </groupseq>
        </groupchoice>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>SGmlmem</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>mem_file</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>SRclng</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>source_language</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>TGtlng</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>target_language</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>SrcStartpath</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>source_startpath</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>TgtStartpath|/TS</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>target_startpath</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>TYpe</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <groupchoice>
            <fragref>type</fragref>
            <groupseq>
              <delim>(</delim>
              <groupseq>
                <repsep>,</repsep>
                <fragref>type</fragref>
              </groupseq>
              <delim>)</delim>
            </groupseq>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <kwd>/sglmformat</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>format</var>
          <groupchoice>
            <kwd>UNICODE</kwd>
            <kwd>ASCII</kwd>
            <kwd>ANSI</kwd>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
        <fragment>
          <title>file_pairs</title>
          <groupseq>
            <delim>(</delim>
          </groupseq>
          <groupseq>
            <repsep>,</repsep>
            <var>file_name_original</var>
            <delim>,</delim>
            <var>file_name_translation</var>
          </groupseq>
          <groupseq>
            <delim>)</delim>
          </groupseq>
        </fragment>
        <fragment>
          <title>type</title>
          <groupchoice>
            <kwd>NOANA</kwd>
            <kwd>NOTM</kwd>
            <kwd>NOCONF</kwd>
            <kwd>PREPARE</kwd>
            <groupseq>
              <kwd>VISUAL</kwd>
            </groupseq>
          </groupchoice>
        </fragment>
      </syntaxdiagram>
    </refsyn>
    <section>
      <title>Parameters</title>
      <parml>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/SGMLFORMAT=<synph><var>format</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>format</var></synph>specifies the export format of a ITM. The
            default parameter is UNICODE. Other possible parameters are ANSII and ASCII. Shortform
            is /sf.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/MEm=<synph><var>memdb</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>memdb</var></synph> is the name of a previously created 
              <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>
              <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> (without the file
              extension). This <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> can still
              be empty. It can be filled with original segments and their corresponding translations.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/FIles=<synph><var>file_pairs</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>file_pairs</var></synph> specifies the pair of files to use
            when creating the ITM. Enclose the pair of files in brackets and separate the file names
            by a comma. <p>If you specify several pairs (as original1, translation1, original2,
            translation2, and so on), enclose the file names in brackets and separate them by commas.</p>
            <p>If you want to specify a list of pairs in a list file, refer to this list file by
            preceding the list file name with the <codeph>@</codeph> symbol
            (<codeph>@</codeph><synph><var>list_file_name</var></synph>). In the list file
            enclose the file names in brackets and separate them by commas.</p></pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/MArkup=<synph><var>markup</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>markup</var></synph> is the name of the markup table that the selected
            texts use (mandatory except for <codeph>/TYPE=NOANA</codeph>). See 
            <xref href="eqfr5mst-00314.dita#eqfr5mst-00314"/> for the names of the markup tables.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/SGmlmem=<synph><var>mem_file</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>mem_file</var></synph> is the name you want to give to the external ITM
            and the path where it is to be located. The ITM is in SGML format and can subsequently
            be imported into <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> after you
            have checked it.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/SRclng=<synph><var>source_language</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>source_language</var></synph> is the language of the original
            documents.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/TGtlng=<synph><var>target_language</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>target_language</var></synph> is the language of the translated documents.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/SrcStartpath=<synph><var>source_startpath</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>source_startpath</var></synph> is the path information that you do
              <b>not</b> want to become part of the document name when the original document is
              stored in the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/ITM"/>. For example,
              if your source file is stored in <codeph>e:\tm\project\english</codeph> and you do not
              want <codeph>e:\tm\project</codeph> to become part of the name under which it is stored,
              specify <codeph>e:\tm\project</codeph> in this field. <p> The path you specify here can
              differ from the <synph><var>target_startpath</var></synph>. However, if you specify a
              source start path, you must also specify a <synph><var>target_startpath</var></synph>.</p></pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/TgtStartpath=<synph><var>target_startpath</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>target_startpath</var></synph> is the path information that you do
              <b>not</b> want to become part of the document name when the target document is stored
              in the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/ITM"/>. For example, if your
              source file is stored in <codeph>e:\tm\project\english</codeph> and you do not want
              <codeph>e:\tm\project</codeph> to become part of the name under which it is stored,
              specify <codeph>e:\tm\project</codeph> in this field. <p>The path you specify here can
              differ from the <synph><var>source_startpath</var></synph>. However, if you specify a
              source start path, you must also specify a
              <synph><var>source_startpath</var></synph>.</p></pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/TYpe=</pt>
          <pd>One or more of the following: 
            <ul>
              <li>NOANA Do not analyze the selected files because they have already been analyzed by
                  <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>.</li>
              <li>NOTM Do not fill the internal 
                  <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>
                  (<synph><var>memdb</var></synph>). Fill the external 
                  <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>. 
                  It is in SGML format and you can check it afterwards.</li>
              <li>NOCONF No confirmation message is displayed. This is useful if you do not want to
                be interrupted by progress messages while you are working.</li>
              <li>PREPARE The source documents are related to their corresponding translations. The
                file pairs are prefixed with <b>p</b>.</li>
              <li>VISUAL Creates the ITM and presents its contents on the screen for you to
                revise.</li>
            </ul></pd>
        </plentry>
      </parml>
    </section>
    <example>
      <title>Examples</title>
      <p>The following examples show how to use the OTMITM command.</p>
<!--      <required-cleanup>-->
        <section>
          <title>Example:</title>
          <codeblock>otmitm /mem=MyItm /files=(d:\eng\text.html,d:\ger\text.html) 
          /markup=otmhtm32 /srclng=English(U.S.) /tgtlng=German(reform)</codeblock>
        </section>
<!--      </required-cleanup>-->
      <note>For better readability, the command is shown on two lines. However, it must be typed in one line.</note>
      <p>In this example, the original HTML document <codeph>text.html</codeph> is located in
         the directory <codeph>d:\eng\</codeph>. The German translation is located in the directory
         <codeph>d:\ger\</codeph>. <codeph>otmhtm32</codeph> is the name of the 
         <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> markup table used for this document.
         All matching sentence pairs are put into <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>
         <codeph>MyItm</codeph>. No external <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> 
         (SGML format) is created.</p>
<!--      <required-cleanup>-->
        <section>
          <title>Example:</title>
          <codeblock>otmitm /mem=MyItm /files=@itm.lst /markup=otmhtm32 /sgmlmem=xx.out
          /type=notm /srclng=English(U.S.) /tgtlng=German(reform)</codeblock>
        </section>
<!--      </required-cleanup>-->
      <note>For better readability, the command is shown on two lines here. However, it must be typed in one line.</note>
      <p>In this example, a <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>
        <codeph>myitm</codeph> is used to find out the source language. The files to be analyzed are
        contained in <codeph>itm.lst</codeph>. <codeph>itm.lst</codeph> looks as follows:</p>
<!--      <required-cleanup>-->
        <section>
          <title>itm.lst</title>
          <codeblock>(
d:\eng\text1.html, d:\ger\text1.html,
d:\eng\text2.html, d:\ger\text2.html
)</codeblock>
        </section>
<!--      </required-cleanup>-->
      <p>The ITM created is placed into an SGML <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> 
         named <codeph>xx.out</codeph>, not into <codeph>myitm</codeph> (because type <codeph>notm</codeph> is specified). 
         The markup table to be used is <codeph>otmhtm32</codeph> because the documents were originally created
         in HTML.</p>
      <p>You must type the command in one line. You can type it in uppercase letters, lowercase
        letters, or mixed case. You cannot use any wildcard characters, such as asterisks (*).</p>
      <note>It is recommended to proofread the external ITM before using it in 
            <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>. Because it has not been created during
            translation, but consists of machine-generated matches, the alignment of original and
            translated segments might not be completely correct. This could be the case where two
            original segments have been combined into one translated segment.</note>
    </example>
  </refbody>
</reference>
