<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00357">
<title>Deleting a folder</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section/>
<section><title>Purpose</title><indexterm>folder<indexterm>deleting (from command
area)</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>deleting<indexterm>folders (from command
area)</indexterm></indexterm>
<p>If you want to delete a folder, using a command typed in your system’s
command area instead of <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> windows might be quicker
and more convenient.</p>
</section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title><indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm>deleting folders</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>commands<indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm otherprops="">deleting folders</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
<p>The following syntax diagram describes how you delete a folder
with the OTMBATCH command. Note that lowercase letters in a parameter
name are optional and need not be typed.</p>
<syntaxdiagram>
<groupseq><kwd>OTMBATCH</kwd></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>TAsk</kwd><oper>=</oper><kwd>FLDDEL</kwd></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>FLD</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>folder</var></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>QUIET</kwd></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
</refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title>
<parml>
<plentry><pt>/TAsk=FLDDEL</pt>
<pd><codeph>FLDDEL</codeph> specifies that you want to remove a folder.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/FLD=<synph><var>folder</var></synph></pt>
<pd>Specifies the name of the folder that you want to remove.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/QUIET</pt>
<pd>If you specify this parameter, you are not prompted with any
message window. If you do not specify this parameter, a message window
pops up whenever an error occurs or when the task has successfully
completed.</pd></plentry>
</parml>
<note>You can type the commands in uppercase, lowercase,
or in mixed-case letters. You may not use any wildcard characters,
such as an asterisk (*). </note>
</section>
<example><title>Examples</title>
<p>The following example shows how to delete a folder using the OTMBATCH
command.</p><required-cleanup>
<section><title>Example</title>
<codeblock>otmbatch /task=flddel /fld=pharma /quiet</codeblock></section></required-cleanup>
<p>In this example, the folder <codeph>pharma</codeph> is deleted
without prompting the user.</p>
</example></refbody></reference>