<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00286">
  <title>Defining the printout format</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>

        <indexterm>dictionary<indexterm>controlling layout of printout</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>printing<indexterm>defining layout of dictionary printout</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> provides sample print-format
      files that you can use to print dictionary data or as a basis for defining your own print
      output format.</p>
    <p>To become acquainted with format files, use the <codeph>FORMAT1.FRM</codeph> print format
      file for printing one of the sample dictionaries provided in a sample folder (for example
        <codeph>SAMPLE2</codeph>).</p>
    <p>When you change a format file or create one of your own, make sure you follow the required
      syntax of the format file. All print-format files are located in the subdirectory
        <codeph>\otm\prtform</codeph>.</p>
    <p>The following sample files are provided by <keyword
        conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>: <dl><dlhead><dthd>File
            name</dthd><ddhd>Description</ddhd></dlhead>
        <dlentry><dt>format1.frm</dt>
          <dd>Prints each headword and its translation.</dd></dlentry>
        <dlentry><dt>format2.frm</dt>
          <dd>Prints all templates for each entry without formatting.</dd></dlentry>
        <dlentry><dt>format3.frm</dt>
          <dd>For this format file, it is recommended to select the <b>File</b> output option
            because it generates a <tm trademark="BookMaster" tmowner="IBM Corporation" tmtype="reg"
              tmclass="ibm">BookMaster</tm> source file (containing all templates for each entry).
            This file must be processed by <tm trademark="BookMaster" tmowner="IBM Corporation"
              tmtype="reg" tmclass="ibm">BookMaster</tm> outside <keyword
              conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> to obtain a formatted dictionary
            printout.</dd></dlentry>
        <dlentry><dt>format4.frm</dt>
          <dd>Prints a dictionary extract consisting of cover page, body part, header section, and
            current page number for each page.</dd></dlentry>
      </dl></p>
    <p>All the print-format files provided by <keyword
        conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> are described in detail in <xref
        href="eqfr5mst-00598.dita#eqfr5mst-00598"/>. For a complete and detailed description of the
      structure and syntax of print-format files see <xref href="eqfr5mst-00603.dita#eqfr5mst-00603"
      />.</p>
    <p>Experienced users can use the print function also for generating new external dictionaries,
      which again can be imported and used in <keyword
        conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>. For example, you can: <ul>
        <li>Generate a reverse dictionary from an existing one (this means, generate a German to
          English dictionary from an English to German dictionary).</li>
        <li>Generate a new dictionary containing selected entries from another dictionary. This can
          be useful, for example, when you have a dictionary containing translations into several
          languages and want to extract the entry data related to translations into one of the
          languages.</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
  </body>
</topic>
