<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00382">
  <title>Exporting documents</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section/>
    <section>
      <title>Purpose</title>
      <indexterm>document<indexterm>OTMBATCH: exporting (from command area)</indexterm></indexterm>
      <indexterm>exporting<indexterm>OTMBATCH: documents (from command area)</indexterm></indexterm>
      <p>If many documents need to be exported from <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>, 
        using the DOS command area of your operating system might be more convenient instead of using the 
        <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> GUI.</p>
      <p rev="GF_06052015_2">Before exporting, ensure that: 
        <ul>
          <li>The <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> folder exists which 
            contains the document(s) to be exported.</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
      <p>The folder-properties or the document-properties give information regarding the used markup
        table and other document-related information necessary when exporting the respective documents.</p>
      <p>To work from the DOS command area, use the <b>OTMBATCH</b> command. Its syntax is described in
        the following chapter.</p>
    </section>
    <refsyn>
      <title>Format</title>
      <indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm>exporting documents</indexterm></indexterm>
      <indexterm>commands<indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm otherprops="">exporting
          documents</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
      <p rev="GF_06052015_2">The following syntax diagrams describe how to export a document from the
        <tm trademark="Windows" tmowner="Microsoft Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="special">Windows</tm> 
        command area. Note that lowercase letters in a parameter name are optional and need not be typed.</p>
      <!-- =================================================================================================== -->
      <syntaxdiagram rev="GF_06052015_2">
        <groupseq importance="required">
          <kwd>OTMBATCH</kwd>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="required">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>TAsk</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <kwd>DOCEXP</kwd>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="required">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>FLD</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>folder</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>STartpath</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>startpath</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="required">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>FIles</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <groupchoice>
            <groupseq>
              <var>file_name</var>
            </groupseq>
            <groupseq>
              <delim>(</delim>
              <groupseq>
                <repsep>,</repsep>
                <var>file_name</var>
              </groupseq>
              <delim>)</delim>
            </groupseq>
            <groupseq>
              <oper>@</oper>
              <var>list_file_name</var>
            </groupseq>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="required">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>OPtions</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <groupchoice>
            <kwd>TARGET</kwd>
            <kwd>SOURCE</kwd>
            <kwd>SNOMATCH</kwd>
            <kwd>OpenTM2Format</kwd>
            <kwd>VALDOC</kwd>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <synnote>Mandatory only when <codeph>OPtions=TARGET, SOURCE, or SNOMATCH</codeph></synnote>
          <groupchoice>
            <kwd>withoutRelativePath</kwd>
            <kwd>withRelativePath</kwd>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <kwd>VAL = valoptions</kwd>
        </groupseq>
<!-- ============================================================== -->
        <groupseq importance="optional" rev="GF_18112016">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>OVerwrite</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <groupchoice>
            <kwd importance="default">NO</kwd>
            <kwd>YES</kwd>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional" rev="GF_18112016">
          <groupchoice>
            <groupseq><delim>/</delim><var>QUIET</var></groupseq>
            <groupseq><delim>/</delim><var>QUIET=NOMSG</var></groupseq>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
<!-- ============================================================== -->
<!--        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>OVerwrite</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <groupchoice>
            <kwd importance="default">NO</kwd>
            <kwd>YES</kwd>
          </groupchoice>
          <groupseq importance="optional">
            <groupchoice>
              <groupseq>
                <delim>/</delim>
                <var>QUIET</var>
              </groupseq>
              <groupseq>
                <delim>/</delim>
                <var>QUIET=NOMSG</var>
              </groupseq>
            </groupchoice>
          </groupseq>
        </groupseq>-->
      </syntaxdiagram>
      <!-- =================================================================================================== -->
    </refsyn>
    <section>
      <title>Parameters</title>
      <parml>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/TAsk=DOCEXP</pt>
          <pd><codeph>DOCEXP</codeph> specifies that you want to export a document.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/FLD=<synph><var>folder</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>folder</var></synph> specifies the name of the folder containing the
            documents that you want to export.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/STartpath=<synph><var>startpath</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>startpath</var></synph> specifies the drive, directory, or both where the
            file exported is to be placed. The path information specified becomes part of, that is
            it prefixes, the name of the document. The directory specified must already exist. <p>If
              you omit this parameter, the document is placed in the drive and directory specified
              in <synph><var>file_name</var></synph>. However, this drive and directory does not
              become part of the document name.</p></pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/FIles=<synph><var>file_name</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>file_name</var></synph> specifies the name of the document you want to
            export. The <synph><var>file_name</var></synph> specification can include the drive and
            directory where the file exported is to be placed. The subdirectory specified here must
            already exist. <p>You can use the wildcard characters '*' and '?' in the name part of
              the parameter to export all documents matching the given name pattern (e.g.
              "C:\DOCEXP\*.DOC" to export all documents with a file name extension of ".DOC" to the
              directory "C:\DOCEXP").</p>
            <p>If you specify several documents, enclose the document names in brackets and separate
              them by commas.</p>
            <p>If you want to specify a list of document names in a list file, refer to this list
              file by preceding the list file name with the <codeph>@</codeph> symbol
                (<codeph>@</codeph><synph><var>list_file_name</var></synph>). In the list file
              enclose the document names in brackets and separate them by commas.</p></pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/OPtions=</pt>
          <pd rev="GF_06052015_2">Specifies whether you want to export an original document
            (SOURCE), a translation (TARGET), a document with nonmatching segments (SNOMATCH), a
            document in the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> internal
            format (OpenTM2Format), or a validation document (VALDOC). For the SOURCE, TARGET, and
            SNOMATCH export you can export the document with the relative path information
            (WITHRELATIVEPATH) or without the relative path information (WITHOUTRELATIVEPATH). When
            none of the relative path options is specified, the document is exported with the
            relative path information. If you specify more than one option, you must enclose them in
            brackets and separate the individual options using a comma.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/VAL=</pt>
          <pd>Specifies additional options for the export of validation documents. These options
            control the format of the validation document (XML, HTML, DOC or ODT), the inclusion of
            protected segments (PROTSEGS) and allows to combine all exported documents into one
            validation document (COMBINE). If you specify more than one option, you must enclose
            them in brackets and seperate the individual options using a comma. </pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/OVerwrite=</pt>
          <pd>Specifies whether an existing document is overwritten when exporting a document with
            the same name (<codeph>NO</codeph> is the default).</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/QUIET</pt>
          <pd>If you specify the parameter in this format, you are not prompted with any message
            window. If you do not specify any of the /quiet paramaters, a message window pops up
            whenever an error occurs or when the task has successfully completed.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/QUIET=NOMSG</pt>
          <pd>If you specify this parameter, you are not prompted with any message window. Any error
            message text is routed to stdout.</pd>
        </plentry>
      </parml>
      <note>You can type the commands in uppercase, lowercase, or in mixed-case letters.</note>
    </section>
    <example>
      <title>Examples</title>
      <p>The following example shows how to export a document using the OTMBATCH command with the
        TASK option.</p>
        <section>
          <title>Example</title>
          <codeblock>OTMBATCH /task=docexp /fld=pharma /files=c:\med.txt /options=target
       /overwrite=yes</codeblock>
        </section>
      <p>In this example, the document to be exported is called <codeph>med.txt</codeph>. It is
        contained in folder <codeph>pharma</codeph>. The translation of <codeph>med.txt</codeph> is
        exported to the root directory of drive C. If <codeph>med.txt</codeph> already exists, it is
        overwritten.</p>
      <p>The following example shows how to export documents in external format with a path.</p>
        <section>
          <title>Example</title>
          <codeblock>OTMBATCH /task=docexp /fld=sample1 /startpath=i:\transl
       /files=(test1\demo1.scr,test1\demo2.scr)</codeblock>
        </section>
      <p>The document <codeph>test1\demo1.scr</codeph> is exported to
          <codeph>i:\transl\test1\demo1.scr</codeph> and the document
          <codeph>test1\demo2.scr</codeph> is exported to
        <codeph>i:\transl\test1\demo2.scr</codeph>.</p>
      <p>The following example shows how to export all documents of the folder as validation format
        documents in HTML format and to combine them into a single document. </p>
        <section>
          <title>Example</title>
          <codeblock>OTMBATCH /task=docexp /fld=pharma /files=c:\valdoc\*.* /options=VALDOC
         /val=(HTML, COMBINE) /overwrite=yes</codeblock>
        </section>
      <p>In this example, all documents of the folder <codeph>pharma</codeph> are exported in
        validation format and are combined into one HTML document. The combined document is stored
        in the directory <codeph>C:\valdoc\</codeph> and has a name of <codeph>pharma.html</codeph>
        (When several documents are combined ino one validation document the name of the folder is
        used for the combined document).</p>
    </example>
  </refbody>
</reference>
