<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00089">
  <title>Customizing colors and fonts</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>editor functions<indexterm>customizing colors</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>customizing<indexterm>colors</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>changing<indexterm>colors</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>colors<indexterm>customizing</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>editor functions<indexterm>customizing font sizes</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>fonts, customizing</indexterm>
        <indexterm>customizing<indexterm>font sizes</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>changing<indexterm>font sizes</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p>You can change the font and font size of the text in the various windows of the Translation Environment and the color of the various 
      text types and markup tags to suit your needs.</p>
    <p>If you are working with Thai language documents, see <xref href="eqfr5mst-00063.dita#eqfr5mst-00063"/> for customizing colors and fonts.</p>
    <p>To change the font and font size, choose <b>Fonts</b> on the <b>Options</b> menu. This takes you to the <q>Set Fonts</q> window on which 
      you can select the window for which you want to change the font and font size. In the <b>Sample text</b> box you see an example of how the
      changed font looks. When you are satisfied with your changes, click <b>Set</b> to save them. To get the initial settings again, 
      click <b>Defaults</b>.</p>
    <p>To change the color, choose <b>Colors</b> on the <b>Options</b> menu. This takes you to the <q>Set colors</q> window on which you can 
      select the text type for which you want to change the foreground color, background color, or both. In the <b>Sample text</b> box you see an
      example of how the changed color looks. When you are satisfied with your changes, click <b>Set</b> to save them. To get the initial 
      settings again, click <b>Defaults</b>.</p>
    <p>Refer to the lesson on customizing the Translation Environment in the <cite>Translator’s Workbook</cite> to learn how to change fonts 
      and colors.</p>
  </body>
</topic>
