<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00361">
<title>Importing a Translation Memory</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section/>
<section><title>Purpose</title><indexterm>Translation Memory<indexterm>importing (from command
area)</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>importing<indexterm>Translation Memory databases
(from command area)</indexterm></indexterm>
<p>To import a Translation Memory, you might find it more convenient
to use a command instead of <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> windows. You might
want to do this if you have many Translation Memory databases that
you want to import.</p>
</section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title><indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm>importing Translation
Memory databases</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>commands<indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm otherprops="">importing
Translation Memory databases</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
<p>The following syntax diagram describes how you import a Translation
Memory from the command area. Note that lowercase letters in a parameter
name are optional and need not be typed.</p>
<syntaxdiagram>
<groupseq><kwd>OTMBATCH</kwd></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>TAsk</kwd><oper>=</oper><kwd>MEMIMP</kwd></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>FIles</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>mem_file</var></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>TYpe</kwd><oper>=</oper><kwd>EXTERNAL</kwd></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>MEm</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>memdb</var></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>QUIET</kwd></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
</refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title>
<parml>
<plentry><pt>/TAsk=MEMIMP</pt>
<pd><codeph>MEMIMP</codeph> specifies that you want to import a Translation
Memory.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/FIles=<synph><var>mem_file</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>mem_file</var></synph> specifies the name of the Translation Memory
that you want to import along with the drive and directory where it
is located.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/TYpe=EXTERNAL</pt>
<pd><codeph>EXTERNAL</codeph> specifies that it is an external Translation
Memory (in SGML format) that you want to import. This parameter is
optional.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/MEm=<synph><var>memdb</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>memdb</var></synph> specifies the name of an existing Translation
Memory to which the Translation Memory specified in <synph><var>mem_file</var></synph> is
to be imported to. The contents of these Translation Memory databases
will then be merged.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/QUIET</pt>
<pd>If you specify this parameter, you are not prompted with any
message window. If you do not specify this parameter, a message window
pops up whenever an error occurs or when the task has successfully
completed.</pd></plentry>
</parml>
<note>You can type the commands in uppercase, lowercase,
or in mixed-case letters. You may not use any wildcard characters,
such as an asterisk (*).</note>
</section>
<example><title>Examples</title>
<p>The following example shows how to import a Translation Memory
using the OTMBATCH command.</p><required-cleanup>
<section><title>Example</title>
<codeblock>otmbatch /task=memimp /files=d:\mymemo.mem /type=external /mem=oldmemo</codeblock></section></required-cleanup>
<p>In this example, the Translation Memory <codeph>mymemo.mem</codeph>,
which is in external format, is imported to the Translation Memory <synph><var>oldmemo</var></synph>. </p>
</example></refbody></reference>