<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00607">
<title>The &lt;var...&gt; attributes</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords>

<indexterm>format files<indexterm>&lt;var...&gt; attributes</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>
<dl>
<dlentry><dt><codeph>name</codeph>=<synph><var>xxx</var></synph></dt>
<dd>Specifies which entry field (<synph><var>xxx</var></synph>) of a dictionary
entry is to be printed. It can be used together
with one of the following attributes: 
<ul>
<li><codeph>$first_on_page</codeph> Prints the content of
the specified entry field when a page is started. This lets
you put the headword in the pagehead section. For example: <codeph>&lt;var name=headword $first_on_page&gt;</codeph></li>
<li><codeph>$last_on_page</codeph> Prints the contents of
the specified entry field when a page is finished. This lets you put the headword
in the pagefoot section. For example: <codeph>&lt;var name=headword $last_on_page&gt;</codeph></li>
<li><codeph>$same_entry_again</codeph> Makes a reset within
one entry going from the end of one template to the beginning
of the same template again. This lets you process the same template again,
printing different information. For example: <codeph>&lt;var name=headword $same_entry_again&gt;</codeph></li>
<li><codeph>$no_display</codeph> Does not print the contents
of the specified entry field. You can use it in combination with <codeph>$same_entry_again</codeph> when only a reset is needed, but no information is to be
printed. For example: <codeph>&lt;var name=headword
$no_display&gt;</codeph></li>
</ul></dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt><codeph>sysname=$filename</codeph></dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the file your printout is to be
written to.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt><codeph>sysname=$dictname</codeph></dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the dictionary that you selected for printing.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt><codeph>sysname=$date</codeph></dt>
<dd>Prints the current date at the specified position.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt><codeph>sysname=$time</codeph></dt>
<dd>Prints the current time at the specified position.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt><codeph>format</codeph>=<synph><var>date/time</var></synph></dt>
<dd>Specifies the format of the date and time information.
This attribute is mandatory for <codeph>sysname=$date</codeph> and <codeph>sysname=$time</codeph>. For example: <codeph>&lt;var sysname=$date
format='dd.mm.yy'&gt;</codeph> or <codeph>&lt;var sysname=$time format='hh:mm:ss'&gt;</codeph></dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt><codeph>sysname=$page_no</codeph></dt>
<dd>Prints the current page number.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt><codeph>sysname=$page_eject</codeph></dt>
<dd>Makes a page eject at this position. <!-- r --></dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt><codeph>$max</codeph>=<synph><var>n</var></synph></dt>
<dd>Specifies the maximum number of characters that is to be
printed from the information in the specified entry field. If the information
exceeds the specified number of characters, the rest is not
printed.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt><codeph>$min</codeph>=<synph><var>n</var></synph></dt>
<dd>Specifies the minimum number of characters to be printed
from the information in the specified entry field. This tag lets you define
a minimum amount of space for an entry field. You may want to use it if you
wish to print the contents of entry fields in two columns. If the information
in the entry field is less than the specified number of characters, the rest is
filled with blank characters. 
<p>If both <codeph>$max</codeph> and <codeph>$min</codeph> are
specified, the value for <codeph>$min</codeph> must be lower or equal
to the value of <codeph>$max</codeph>.</p></dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt><codeph>$left</codeph></dt>
<dd>The printed text of the specified entry field is justified at the left
edge. This attribute only works in combination with the <codeph>$min</codeph> attribute.
For example: <codeph>&lt;var
sysname=$dictname $min=45 $left&gt;</codeph>.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt><codeph>$right</codeph></dt>
<dd>The printed text of the specified entry field is justified at the right
edge. This attribute only works in combination with the <codeph>$min</codeph> attribute.
For example: <codeph>&lt;var
sysname=$dictname $min=45 $right&gt;</codeph>.</dd></dlentry>
</dl> </p>
</body></topic>