<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-NF124-1" rev="GF_09092015_2">
  <title>Re-import document</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p>The function <q>Re-Import document</q> allows to re-import a document from within the editor
      in case the source file is changed frequently. This avoids to manually process each single
      document re-import step.</p>
    <p><b><u>Basic Information</u></b>: <ol>
        <li>The function only works for documents which have been imported on the machine from which
          the reload function is started. If the document has been imported using a <q>folder
          import</q> or a <q>document import in internal format</q>, the function will not be
          available. The function will also not be available when the original document is not
          accessible - e.g. it resides on a network drive which is not available at this time or the
          external document has been deleted.</li>
        <li>The document re-import will not overwrite the original document properties, only the
          document time stamps and the completion rate will be adjusted.</li>
        <li>The analysis step will use the analysis options which were active at the time where the
          last analysis was executed on the folder containing the document. To ensure that no
          translation work is lost the <q>Automatic substitution</q> option is generally used even
          when the option was not active during the last <q>manual</q> analysis run.</li>
        <li>When the newly re-imported and re-analyzed document is opened in the translation editor,
          the segment which was active at the time the re-import function was started will be made
          the active one. It may happen that the segmentation is slightly different due to the
          changed document source file and that the activated segment is not the correct one.</li>
        <li>A key-combination can be assigned to the re-import document function. This is performed
          via <q>Options</q>, <q>Keys</q>, panel <q>Assign Keys</q>, function <q>Re-import
          document</q>.</li>
      </ol>
    </p>
    <p>The process to re-import a document while being in the translation editor is started by going to 
       <q>File</q>, <q>Re-Import document</q>.
    </p>  
    <p>
    <b><u>This starts the following process</u></b>:
      <ol>
        <li>Close the translation editor.</li>
        <li>Import the document.</li>
        <li>Analyze the document with the previously used analysis settings.</li>
        <li>Open the analyzed document in the translation editor.</li>
        <li>Position the cursor in the segment which was active when the <q>Re-Import</q> process was started.</li>
      </ol>
    </p>
    <p>See also the folder properties window on page <xref href="eqfr5mst-00215.dita#eqfr5mst-00215"/>.</p>
  </body>
</topic>
