<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-NF122-1" rev="GF_18032015_2">
  <title>Improved Global Find and Replace function</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p>This function is part 1 of 2, and the final implementation is done in the next version of <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>.</p>
    <p>The purpose of the new function is to improve the quality ensurance process in <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>.</p>
    <p>Users can now not only search in translated files, but in source files too. This function enables users to search e.g. English source terms and 
      strings in the selected source files or folder(s), and the corresponding e.g. English and translation-context is displayed when the criteria is met.</p>
    <p>The e.g. English segments and their corresponding translated segments can be exported into a plain text file. This helps translators and reviewers 
      to checking the translation consistency.</p>
    <p>In addition, users can not only search English terms in the source files, but it is now possible to search both, the English term in the source files 
      and the translated term in the translated files at once. This enables users to search a specific 1:1 pair of English and NL-terms among n:n pairs.</p>
    <p>A new result-table is added to the Global Find and Replace panel. When <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> finds a search 
      pattern, it shows the NLV context plus the corresponding source segment. This helps to save time in the search process.</p>
  </body>
</topic>
