<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00345">
<title>The report layout</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>This section describes the individual rows and columns of a Calculating,
Preanalysis, or Redundancy Report.</p>
<parml>
<plentry><pt>Analyze Auto</pt>
<pd>Contains the number of exact and exact-exact matches retrieved from
a Translation Memory during the analysis of a document for which the manual
translation has already been started. The "<b>Analyze Auto2</b>" numbers are not used for payment purposes as these numbers contain
a mixture of manually translated segments (which have been added to the memory
while manually translating the document) and segments which were already in
the memory before the manual translation started.
<p>When the document is re-imported
<keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> assumes the start of a new shipment. The automatically
substituted segments during an analysis following the re-import are when counted
in the "<b>Analyze Auto</b>" column although the manual translation
may have been started already.</p></pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>Analyze Auto2</pt>
<pd>Contains the number of exact and exact-exact matches retrieved from
a <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> during the analysis of a document. To get a result, you must select
the option “Substitute exact matches in the documents automatically”
on the <q>General</q> page of the <q>Analyze Documents</q> window (see <xref href="eqfr5mst-00137.dita#eqfr5mst-00137"/> for a description). If more than one exact match is found,
it is counted as part of the “Edit Exact” column because the translator
has to decide which match is the correct one.
<p>Only the first analysis of
the document is taken into account. If, however, a previously translated document
is imported and analyzed again, the report contains both the number of exact
matches of the first analysis and the results of the reimported document.
The results are shown as belonging to shipment 1 and shipment 2 (column “Number
Shipment”).</p></pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>Analyze Post</pt>
<pd>Has the same contents as, and replaces, the “Analyze Auto“ column
after the analyzed document is opened for translation.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>Analyze Edit</pt>
<pd>Contains the number of exact matches retrieved from a <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> during
the translation of the document. To get a result, you must analyze the document
without the “Substitute exact matches in the documents automatically”
option and then select the option “Automatic substitution” from the <b>Translate</b> menu during translation. Only the first analysis
of the document is taken into account.
<p>If a previously translated document
is imported and analyzed again and then edited with automatic substitution,
the report contains the number of exact matches of both the first and the
second edit. The results are shown as belonging to shipment 1 and shipment
2 (column “Number Shipment”).</p></pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>Edit Auto</pt>
<pd>Contains the number of exact and exact-exact matches retrieved from
a Translation Memory during the "<b>Automatic Substitution</b>"
from within the Translation Environment. </pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>Edit Exact</pt>
<pd>Contains the number of exact matches copied from a <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> during the
translation of the document, using the Ctrl+<i>n</i> key
(where <i>n</i> is the number of the exact-match proposal).
In addition, it includes the number of exact matches where the translator
had to choose between several matches offered. It also includes the number
of inner-document and cross-document redundancies produced by the Redundancy
Report.
<p>If a previously translated document is imported, analyzed, and edited
again, the report contains the number of exact matches of both the first and
the second edit. The results are shown as belonging to shipment 1 and shipment
2 (column “Number Shipment”).</p>
<p>If you selected the “Use existing
proposals” option on the <q>Settings</q> page, this column shows all exact
matches offered by the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> regardless of whether the translator accepted
and copied them. The number of exact matches not accepted by the translator
is reflected in the Calculating Report when you choose “Include statistics”
and “Advanced statistics” on the <q>Settings</q> page.</p></pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>Edit Replace</pt>
<pd>Contains the number of fuzzy replacement matches copied from an existing <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> during
the translation of the document, using the Ctrl+<i>n</i> key
(where <i>n</i> is the number of the fuzzy-replacement-match
proposal).
<p>If a previously translated document is imported, analyzed, and
edited again, the fuzzy replacement matches become exact matches. <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> keeps
the original number of fuzzy replacement matches and adds the number of exact
matches to the “Analyze Auto” column as shipment 2.</p>
<p>If you selected
the “Use existing proposals” option on the <q>Settings</q> page, this
column shows all fuzzy replacement matches offered by the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> regardless
of whether the translator accepted and copied them. The number of fuzzy replacement
matches not accepted by the translator is reflected in the Calculating Report
when you choose “Include statistics” and “Advanced statistics”
on the <q>Settings</q> page.</p></pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>Fuzzy Matches</pt>
<pd>Contains the number of fuzzy matches copied from an existing <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> during
the translation of the document, using the Ctrl+<i>n</i> key
(where <i>n</i> is the number of the fuzzy-match proposal).
The fuzzy matches are broken down to matches that fit 50 to 70%, 70 to 90%,
and over 90%.
<p>If a previously translated document is imported, analyzed,
and edited again, the fuzzy matches become exact matches. <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> keeps the
original number of fuzzy matches and adds the number of exact matches to the “Analyze
Auto” column as shipment 2.</p>
<p>If you selected the “Use existing
proposals” option on the <q>Settings</q> page, this column shows all fuzzy
matches offered by the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> regardless of whether the translator accepted
and copied them. The number of fuzzy matches not accepted by the translator
is reflected in the Calculating Report when you choose “Include statistics”
and “Advanced statistics” on the <q>Settings</q> page.</p></pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>Machine Matches</pt>
<pd>Contains the number of exact matches copied from an <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/ITM"/> during the
translation of the document, using the Ctrl+<i>n</i> key
(where <i>n</i> is the number of the machine-match proposal).
<p>If a previously translated document is imported, analyzed, and edited again,
the machine matches become exact matches. <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> keeps the original number
of machine matches and adds the number of exact matches to the “Analyze
Auto” column as shipment 2.</p>
<p>If you selected the “Use existing
proposals” option on the <q>Settings</q> page, this column shows all machine
matches offered by the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> regardless of whether the translator accepted
and copied them. The number of machine matches not accepted by the translator
is reflected in the Calculating Report when you choose “Include statistics”
and “Advanced statistics” on the <q>Settings</q> page.</p></pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>Non Matches</pt>
<pd>Contains the number of segments translated manually. This number remains
the same even if you analyze the translated document again and translate it
using the “Automatic substitution” option from the <b>Translate</b> menu.
<p>If a previously translated document is imported, analyzed,
and edited again, the non-matches become exact matches. <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> keeps the original
number of non-matches and adds the number of exact matches to the “Analyze
Auto” column as shipment 2.</p></pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>Not Translated</pt>
<pd>Contains the number of segments not yet translated because the translation
has not started yet or was interrupted. If the partly translated document
is imported and analyzed again, only the number of segments not yet translated
is shown.
<p>This column should show “0” once the translation is finished.</p></pd></plentry>
</parml>
</body></topic>