<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00291">
<title>Deleting a shared dictionary</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section/>
<section><title/><indexterm>deleting<indexterm>shared dictionaries</indexterm></indexterm>
<p>If you no longer need a dictionary, you can delete it. When you delete
a dictionary that is shared by others, the following conditions apply: 
<ul>
<li>If you created the shared dictionary, you can delete it at any time. 
Keep in mind that other users in the network can no longer use the deleted
dictionary because it has been physically deleted.</li>
<li>If you did not create the dictionary but just share it, you can delete
it at any time.  Keep in mind that this will remove the dictionary from <b>your</b> list of dictionaries.  The deleted dictionary is no
longer available for you. All other users who share this resource can still
continue working with it because it is still available on the shared disk.
In case you need to work with the deleted dictionary again, you can access
it by connecting it once more to add it to your list of dictionaries.</li>
</ul></p>
</section>
<section><title>Prerequisites</title>
<p>The dictionary must exist.</p>
</section>
<section><title>Calling sequence</title>
<p>Select: 
<ol>
<li>The dictionary to be deleted</li>
<li><b>Delete</b> from the <b>File</b> menu</li>
</ol></p>
<p>Before <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> deletes the selected file, you are prompted to confirm that
you want to delete the file. </p>
</section>
<section><title>Options and parameters</title>
<dl>
<dlentry><dt>Yes</dt>
<dd>The dictionary is deleted.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>No</dt>
<dd>The dictionary is not deleted.</dd></dlentry>
</dl>
</section>
<section><title>Results</title>
<p>If you are the owner of the deleted dictionary, it is deleted physically,
the disk space is freed, and it can no longer be used by any other translator
in the network.</p>
<p>If the dictionary was created by someone else and you just shared it, it
is removed from the respective list window and you can no longer access it.
 However, it is still available on the shared disk to be used by other translators.</p>
</section></refbody></reference>