<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00216">
<title>Viewing the details of a folder</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords>

<indexterm>viewing
the list window details of<indexterm>folders</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>displaying the list window details
of<indexterm>folders</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>changing the
list window details<indexterm>of folders</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>folder<indexterm>displaying
details</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>folder<indexterm>changing details</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>In the <q>Folder List</q> window, you can display additional information
about a folder. You can define which details you want to be displayed
and in which order.</p>
<p>The displayable folder details are as follows:</p>
<parml>
<plentry><pt>Name </pt>
<pd><indexterm>folder<indexterm>details</indexterm></indexterm>The name of the folder.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>Description</pt>
<pd>The description of the folder.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>Updated</pt>
<pd>The date when the folder properties were last changed.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>Markup</pt>
<pd>The markup table defined in the folder's properties. This
markup table is used for all documents in the folder unless a different
markup table is specified in the properties of a document.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>Translation Memory</pt>
<pd>The <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> associated with the folder.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>Drive</pt>
<pd>The disk drive where the folder resides.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>Dictionary</pt>
<pd>The first dictionary in the list of dictionaries associated
with the folder.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>Editor</pt>
<pd>The text editor used (default value STANDARD).</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>Source language</pt>
<pd>The language of the original documents in the folder. A different
language can be specified for individual documents in the folder.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>Target language</pt>
<pd>The language of the translated documents in the folder. A different
language can be specified for individual documents in the folder.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>Search Translation Memory</pt>
<pd>The <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmems"/> to be searched for segment matches.</pd></plentry>
</parml>
<p>You can toggle between two display modes: 
<ul>
<li>Display the names only</li>
<li>Display selected details</li>
</ul></p>
<p>You can change the arrangement of the folder details in the <q>Change
Details</q> window described in <xref href="eqfr5mst-00125.dita#eqfr5mst-00125"/>.</p>
</body></topic>