<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00422">
  <title>MTI Installation Instructions</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section/>
    <section>
      <title/>
      <indexterm>MTI Installation Instructions</indexterm>
      <p>
        <i>Software Prerequisites:</i>
      </p>
      <ul>
        <li>Windows operating system (WINNT; WIN2000; WINXP)</li>
        <li><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> (TM) 6.0.6 or higher</li>
        <li>MQSeries client for your operating system</li>
        <li>Java Runtime Environment version 1.4 or higher</li>
      </ul>
      <p>In order to use MTI through MQSeries you need to be connected to the IBM Intranet. Users
        without access to the IBM Intranet can access MTI through a ftp connection. In order to use
        this connection the user needs to have an account on the IBM ftp server and be setup as MTI
        user on this server. No additional software is required for the ftp connection besides
        TM6.0.6.</p>
      <p>The following MTI installation instruction assume that your operating system is working
        properly and that <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> 6.0.6 or
        higher is already installed on your system.</p>
      <p>
        <i>MTI over MQSeries (requires a IBM Intranet connection)</i>
      </p>
      <p>
        <ol>
          <li>Open a command prompt and execute 'java -version' to verify if a Java version 1.4 or
            higher is already installed on your system. If Java is not installed or the installed
            version is lower as 1.4 please download Java version 1.4 or higher and install it on
            your system before continuing with the instructions below.Java 1.4 is also available for
            download from the MTI intranet website.</li>
          <li>Download the MQSeries Client install image from the MTI intranet website into a
            temporary directory on your local disk. ( <b><i>WINNT:</i></b>
            <i>mqcvENUS-winnt.zip</i> ,<b>WIN2000 and WINXP:</b>
            <i>mqcvEnUS-xp2000.zip</i> )</li>
          <li>Unzip the zip file content in the temporary directory on your local disc.</li>
          <li>Start the installation of the MQSeries client with a double click on the 'Setup.exe'
            file.</li>
          <li><b>IMPORTANT</b>: Use the 'Compact' installation option. 'Typical' or 'Custom' will
            not work.</li>
          <li>After the installation is completed successfully no further configuration for MQSeries
            is required. Close all installation windows. A system re-start is not required.</li>
        </ol>
      </p>
      <p>To be able to use the MTI function from <keyword
          conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> you need to provide your MQSeries or
        ftp user account information in TM.</p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
