<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00198">
  <title>Analyzing all the documents in a folder</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section/>
    <section>
      <title/>
      <indexterm>analyzing<indexterm>all documents in a folder</indexterm></indexterm>
      <indexterm>folder<indexterm>analyzing the documents it contains</indexterm></indexterm>
      <p>Documents that are to be translated must first be <i>segmented</i>. Segmentation is done
        during <i>analysis</i> of a document. You can analyze all the documents in a folder at once.
      </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Prerequisites</title>
      <ul>
        <li>The folder must contain at least one document.</li>
        <li>If you intend using dictionaries to perform analysis, at least one dictionary must
          exist.</li>
        <li>If you intend using <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmems"/> to
          perform analysis, at least one <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"
          /> must exist.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Calling sequence</title>
      <p>Select: <ol>
          <li>The folder from the <q>Folder List</q> window</li>
          <li><b>Analyze…</b> from the <b>File</b> menu</li>
        </ol></p>
      <p>The <q>Analyze Documents</q> window is displayed (see <xref
          href="eqfr5mst-00137.dita#eqfr5mst-00137/analdocwin"/>).</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Options and parameters</title>
      <parml>
        <plentry>
          <pt>Documents to be analyzed</pt>
          <pd>This box lists all the documents in the folder.</pd>
        </plentry>
      </parml>
      <p>For a description of all other options, see <xref
          href="eqfr5mst-00137.dita#eqfr5mst-00137"/> and <xref
          href="eqfr5mst-00139.dita#eqfr5mst-00139"/>.</p>
      <p>When you have selected the desired options, click <b>Analyze</b> to begin analysis of the
        documents.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Results</title>
      <p>All documents in the folder are segmented. Depending on the options you selected: <ul>
          <li>Terminology lists may be created</li>
          <li>Dictionaries may be extended</li>
          <li><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmems"/> may be extended</li>
          <li>A file containing untranslated segments may be created</li>
          <li>Segments in the documents may be automatically substituted</li>
        </ul></p>
      <p>You can now begin translating the documents by opening a document, see <xref
          href="eqfr5mst-00185.dita#eqfr5mst-00185"/>.</p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
