<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00375">
  <title>Creating reports</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <title>Purpose</title>
      <indexterm>creating<indexterm>OTMBATCH: reports (from command area)</indexterm></indexterm>
      <p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> enables you to collect information about the effort, 
         state, and history of your translations. The collected information can be displayed in different reports and used 
         as a basis for calculating translation costs.</p>
      <p>Instead of using <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> windows to create reports, using a 
         command might be more convenient.</p>
    </section>
    <refsyn>
      <title>Format</title>
      <indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm>creating reports</indexterm></indexterm>
      <indexterm>commands<indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm otherprops="">creating reports</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
      <p>The following syntax diagram describes how you start to create reports from the 
         <tm trademark="Windows" tmowner="Microsoft Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="special">Windows</tm> command area. 
         Note that lowercase letters in a parameter name are optional and need not be typed.</p>

      <syntaxdiagram rev="GF_18082016">
        <groupseq>
          <kwd>OTMBATCH</kwd>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>TAsk</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <kwd>CNTRPT</kwd>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>FLD</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>folder</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>FIles</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <groupchoice>
            <groupseq>
              <var>document_name</var>
            </groupseq>
            <groupseq>
              <delim>(</delim>
              <groupseq>
                <repsep>,</repsep>
                <var>document_name</var>
              </groupseq>
              <delim>)</delim>
            </groupseq>
            <groupseq>
              <oper>@</oper>
              <var>list_file_name</var>
            </groupseq>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>OUT</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>output_name</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>REport</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <groupchoice>
            <kwd>HISTORY</kwd>
            <kwd>COUNTING</kwd>
            <kwd>CALCULATING</kwd>
            <kwd>PREANALYSIS</kwd>
            <kwd>REDUNDANCY</kwd>
            <kwd rev="GF_18082016">REDUNDANCYSEGMENT</kwd>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>

        <groupseq>
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>TYpe</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <groupchoice>
            <kwd>DATE</kwd>
            <kwd>BRIEF</kwd>
            <kwd>DETAIL</kwd>
            <kwd>WITH_TOTALS</kwd>
            <kwd>WITHOUT_TOTALS</kwd>
            <kwd>BASE</kwd>
            <kwd>BASE_SUMMARY</kwd>
            <kwd>BASE_SUMMARY_FACT</kwd>
            <kwd>SUMMARY_FACT</kwd>
            <kwd>FACT</kwd>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional" rev="GF_07122015">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>SHipment</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <groupchoice>
            <kwd>n</kwd>
            <kwd>Single shipments</kwd>
            <kwd>All shipments</kwd>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>PRofile</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>profile</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>OVerwrite</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <groupchoice>
            <kwd importance="default">NO</kwd>
            <kwd>YES</kwd>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>FOrmat</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <groupchoice>
            <kwd importance="default">XML</kwd>
            <kwd>ASCII</kwd>
            <kwd>HTML</kwd>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <groupchoice>
            <groupseq>
              <delim>/</delim>
              <var>QUIET</var>
            </groupseq>
            <groupseq>
              <delim>/</delim>
              <var>QUIET=NOMSG</var>
            </groupseq>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
      </syntaxdiagram>
    </refsyn>
    <section>
      <title>Parameters</title>
      <parml>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/TAsk=CNTRPT</pt>
          <pd><codeph>CNTRPT</codeph> specifies that you want to create a report.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/FLD=<synph><var>folder</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>folder</var></synph> specifies the name of the folder that contains the documents 
            of which you want to create a report.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/FIles=<synph><var>document_name</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>document_name</var></synph> specifies the name of the document
            of which you want to create a report. <p>If you specify several documents, enclose the
              document names in brackets and separate them by commas.</p>
            <p>If you want to specify a list of document names in a list file, refer to this list
              file by preceding the list file name with the <codeph>@</codeph> symbol
                (<codeph>@</codeph><synph><var>list_file_name</var></synph>). In the list file
              enclose the document names in brackets and separate them by commas.</p>
            <p>If you do not specify the <b>FIles</b> option, all documents in the folder are
              selected.</p>
          </pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/OUT=<synph><var>output_name</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>output_name</var></synph> specifies the name of the file where the report
            is to be stored (along with the drive and directory information).</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/REport=<synph><var>rpt_name</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>rpt_name</var></synph> specifies whether you want to create a
            History, Counting, Calculating, Preanalysis, or Redundancy Report or a Redundant Segment List.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/TYpe=<synph><var>rpt_type</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>rpt_type</var></synph> specifies the type of report. 
            <p>The following types are available for a History Report: 
              <ul>
                <li>DATE To get a brief report that is sorted by the creation date and time of the documents.</li>
                <li>BRIEF To get a brief report where the information is sorted by document name.</li>
                <li>DETAIL To get a detailed report of the process tasks performed on the selected documents.</li>
              </ul>
            </p>
            <p>The following types are available for a Counting Report: 
              <ul>
                <li>WITH_TOTALS To get a report on one or more documents in the folder, with a summary at its end.</li>
                <li>WITHOUT_TOTALS To get a report on one or more documents in the folder, without a summary.</li>
              </ul>
            </p>
            <p>The following types are available for a Calculating, Preanalysis, or Redundancy Report: 
              <ul>
                <li>BASE To get a rough overview, for each selected document, of the activities performed by 
                   <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> and by the translator to complete a translation.</li>
                <li>BASE_SUMMARY To get an overview and a summary of the activities performed for selected documents.</li>
                <li>FACT To get a detailed overview of the costs of a translation using different complexity and pay factors.</li>
                <li>BASE_SUMMARY_FACT To get a report containing all the information previously described.</li>
                <li>SUMMARY_FACT To get a report containing both the summary and the fact sheet.</li>
              </ul>
            </p>
          </pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/PRofile=<synph><var>profile</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>profile</var></synph> specifies the name of the profile to be loaded.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/OVerwrite=</pt>
          <pd>Specifies whether the file specified in <codeph>output_name</codeph> is to be
            overwritten if it already exists (<codeph>NO</codeph> is the default).</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/FOrmat=</pt>
          <pd>Specifies the output format for the report. 
            <p>The following formats can be used: 
              <ul>
                <li>ASCII To create the report in plain ASCII text</li>
                <li>XML To create the report in the XML format</li>
                <li>HTML To create the report in HTML format</li>
              </ul>
            </p>
          </pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry rev="GF_07122015">
          <pt>/SHipment=</pt>
          <pd>Specifies the shipment number value. 
            <p>The following formats can be used: 
              <ul>
                <li><b>n</b> To count sipment <q>n</q>, where <q>n</q> is a numeric value (e.g. 1).</li>
                <li><b>Single shipments</b> To count each <q>Single shipment</q> separately.</li>
                <li><b>All shipments</b> To count <q>all shipments</q> in total.</li>
              </ul>
            </p>
          </pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/QUIET</pt>
          <pd>If you specify the parameter in this format, you are not prompted with any message
            window. If you do not specify any of the /quiet paramaters, a message window pops up
            whenever an error occurs or when the task has successfully completed.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/QUIET=NOMSG</pt>
          <pd>If you specify this parameter, you are not prompted with any message window. Any error message 
            text is routed to stdout.</pd>
        </plentry>
      </parml>
      <note>You can type the commands in uppercase, lowercase, or in mixed-case letters. You may not use any 
        wildcard characters, such as an asterisk (*). </note>
    </section>
    <example>
      <title>Examples</title>
      <p>The following example shows how to create a report using the OTMBATCH command.</p>
        <section>
          <title>Example</title>
          <codeblock>OTMBATCH /task=cntrpt /fld=sample1 /out=output /report=history /type=date</codeblock>
        </section>
      <p>In this example, a History Report of folder <codeph>sample1</codeph> is created and stored in the file <codeph>output</codeph>.</p>
    </example>
  </refbody>
</reference>
