<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00395">
  <title>Performing several tasks in one step</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section/>
    <section>
      <title>Purpose</title>
      <p>Instead of typing all parameters in one line, you can use the /TASKLIST option and specify
        the parameters for any task in a separate file.</p>
    </section>
    <refsyn>
      <title>Format</title>
      <syntaxdiagram>
        <groupseq>
          <kwd>OTMBATCH</kwd>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>TASKLIST</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>list_of_tasks</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <groupchoice>
            <groupseq>
              <delim>/</delim>
              <var>QUIET</var>
            </groupseq>
            <groupseq>
              <delim>/</delim>
              <var>QUIET=NOMSG</var>
            </groupseq>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
      </syntaxdiagram>
    </refsyn>
    <section>
      <title>Parameters</title>
      <parml>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/TASKLIST=<i>list_of_tasks</i></pt>
          <pd><i>list_of_tasks</i> is the name of a file containing a task description on each line,
            for example, parameters for several import or export requests (see examples).</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/QUIET</pt>
          <pd>If you specify the parameter in this format, you are not prompted with any message
            window. If you do not specify any of the /quiet paramaters, a message window pops up
            whenever an error occurs or when the task has successfully completed.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/QUIET=NOMSG</pt>
          <pd>If you specify this parameter, you are not prompted with any message window. Any error
            message text is routed to stdout.</pd>
        </plentry>
      </parml>
      <note>You can type the commands in uppercase, lowercase, or in mixed-case letters. You may not
        use any wildcard characters, such as an asterisk (*).</note>
    </section>
    <example>
      <title>Examples</title>
      <p>The following example shows how to specify the export parameters in a separate file
        (taskexp.fil) to export several documents (med1.txt and med2.txt) and then call the OTMBATCH
        command with a reference to this file.</p>
        <section>
          <title>taskexp.fil</title>
          <codeblock>/task=docexp /fld=pharma /files=c:\med1.txt /options=target /overwrite=yes
/task=docexp /fld=pharma /files=c:\med2.txt /options=target /overwrite=yes</codeblock>
        </section>
      <p>Enter the OTMBATCH command as follows:</p>
        <section>
          <title>Example</title>
          <codeblock>OTMBATCH /tasklist=taskexp.fil</codeblock>
        </section>
      <p>This lets you export more than one document with one command. All OTMBATCH tasks can be
        combined.</p>
      <p>The next example shows how to specify the import parameters in a separate file
        (taskimp.fil) to import several documents listed in two files (@meddoca.lst and
        @meddocb.lst) and then call the OTMBATCH command with a reference to this file.</p>
        <section>
          <title>taskimp.fil</title>
          <codeblock>/task=docimp /fld=pharma /files=@meddoca.lst /overwrite=no
/task=docimp /fld=pharma /files=@meddocb.lst /overwrite=no</codeblock>
        </section>
      <p>Enter the OTMBATCH command as follows:</p>
        <section>
          <title>Example</title>
          <codeblock>OTMBATCH /tasklist=taskimp.fil</codeblock>
        </section>
      <p>This lets you import more than one document with one command. All OTMBATCH tasks can be combined.</p>
    </example>
  </refbody>
</reference>
