<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00242">
  <title>Style menu</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <table pgwide="0" frame="topbot">
      <tgroup cols="2" colsep="0" rowsep="1">
        <colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*"/>
        <colspec colname="col2" colwidth="2*"/>
        <thead>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top" rowsep="1">Menu</entry>
            <entry valign="top" rowsep="1">Function</entry>
          </row>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Protect</entry>
            <entry valign="top">The markup tags are shown but cannot be overwritten (see the example
              given in <xref href="eqfr5mst-00048.dita#eqfr5mst-00048/mds"/>).</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Unprotect</entry>
            <entry valign="top">The markup tags are shown and you can overwrite and change
              them.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Hide</entry>
            <entry valign="top">The markup tags are not shown.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Shrink</entry>
            <entry valign="top">All markup tags outside segments are not shown. A replacement
              character is shown instead (see the example given in <xref
                href="eqfr5mst-00048.dita#eqfr5mst-00048/mds"/>).</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Compact</entry>
            <entry valign="top">All markup tags are replaced with a replacement character to
              indicate the position of each tag (see the example given in <xref
                href="eqfr5mst-00048.dita#eqfr5mst-00048/mds"/>).</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Compact+1</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Markup tags are shown up to a length of 10 characters and cannot be
              changed. Longer markup tags are followed by three dots (…), for example
                <codeph>[Style=@Out…</codeph>.</entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
    <p>The <b>status bar</b><ph> at the bottom of the window displays the following information from
        left to right:</ph>
      <ol>
        <li>The total number of segments in the source window compared to the total number of
          segments in the target window.</li>
        <li>The number of segments in the source window that have an irregular match in the target
          window compared to the number of segments in the target window that have an irregular
          match in the source window.</li>
        <li>The number of segments in the source window that have no match in the target window
          compared to the number of segments in the target window that have no match in the source
          window.</li>
        <li>The number of ignored segments in the source window compared to the number of ignored
          segments in the target window.</li>
        <li>The relation of source segments to target segments. For example, <b>2:1</b> means that
          two source segments have been connected to one target segment.</li>
      </ol>
    </p>
  </body>
</topic>
