<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00372">
  <title id="analyzingadocumentorfolder1">Analyzing a document or folder</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section/>
    <section>
      <title>Purpose</title>
      <indexterm>document<indexterm>OTMBATCH: analyzing (from command area)</indexterm></indexterm>
      <indexterm>analyzing<indexterm>OTMBATCH: documents (from command area)</indexterm></indexterm>
      <p>To analyze a document or a set of documents it might be more convenient to use a command instead of 
        <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> windows. It is particularly useful if you have many large documents or 
        folders that you want to analyze overnight.</p>
    </section>
    <refsyn id="formatchanges">
      <title>Format</title>
      <indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm>analyzing documents</indexterm></indexterm>
      <indexterm>commands<indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm otherprops="">analyzing a document or folder</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
      <p>The following syntax diagram describes how you analyze documents from the 
        <tm trademark="Windows" tmowner="Microsoft Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="special">Windows</tm> command line. 
        Note that lowercase letters in a parameter name are optional and need not be typed. 
        <syntaxdiagram>
          <groupseq><kwd>OTMBATCH</kwd></groupseq>
          <groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>TAsk</kwd><oper>=</oper><kwd>ANALYSIS</kwd></groupseq>
          <groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>FLD</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>folder</var></groupseq>
          <groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>FIles</kwd><oper>=</oper>
            <groupchoice>
              <groupseq><var>document_name</var></groupseq>
              <groupseq><delim>(</delim><groupseq><repsep>,</repsep><var>document_name</var></groupseq><delim>)</delim></groupseq>
              <groupseq><oper>@</oper><var>list_file_name</var></groupseq>
            </groupchoice>
          </groupseq>
          <groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>OPtions</kwd><oper>=</oper>
            <groupchoice><fragref>option</fragref>
              <groupseq><delim>(</delim><groupseq><repsep>,</repsep><fragref>option</fragref></groupseq><delim>)</delim></groupseq>
            </groupchoice>
          </groupseq>
          <groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>MEm</kwd><oper>=</oper>
            <groupchoice>
              <groupseq><var>memdb</var><synnote>Mandatory only when <codeph>OPtions=ADDTOMEM</codeph></synnote></groupseq>
              <groupseq><delim>(</delim><groupseq><repsep>,</repsep><var>memdb</var></groupseq><delim>)</delim></groupseq>
            </groupchoice>
          </groupseq>
          <groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>OVerwrite</kwd><oper>=</oper>
            <groupchoice><kwd importance="default">NO</kwd><kwd>YES</kwd></groupchoice>
          </groupseq>
          <groupseq importance="optional">
            <groupchoice>
              <groupseq><delim>/</delim><var>QUIET</var></groupseq>
              <groupseq><delim>/</delim><var>QUIET=NOMSG</var></groupseq>
            </groupchoice>
          </groupseq>
          <fragment><title>option</title>
            <groupchoice><kwd>ADDTOMEM</kwd><kwd>AUTO</kwd><kwd>AUTOCONTEXT</kwd><kwd>AUTOLAST</kwd><kwd>AUTOJOIN</kwd>
              <kwd>TMMATCH</kwd><kwd>SENDTOMT</kwd><kwd>UNTRANSLATED</kwd><kwd>ADJUSTLEADWS</kwd><kwd>ADJUSTTRAILWS</kwd>
              <kwd>REDUNDCOUNT</kwd><kwd>STOPATFIRSTEXACT</kwd><kwd>IGNORECOMMENTED</kwd><kwd>RESPECTCRLF</kwd>
            </groupchoice>
          </fragment>
        </syntaxdiagram></p>
    </refsyn>
    <section>
      <title>Parameters</title>
      <parml>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/TAsk=ANALYSIS</pt>
          <pd><codeph>ANALYSIS</codeph> specifies that you want to analyze documents.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/FLD=<synph><var>folder</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>folder</var></synph> specifies the name of a folder that contains the documents that you want to analyze.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/FIles=<synph><var>document_name</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>document_name</var></synph> specifies the name of a document to be analyzed. <p>If you specify several documents, 
            enclose the document names in brackets and separate them by commas.</p>
            <p>If you want to specify a list of document names in a list file, refer to this list file by preceding the list file name with 
              the <codeph>@</codeph> symbol (<codeph>@</codeph><synph><var>list_file_name</var></synph>). In the list file enclose the document 
              names in brackets and separate them by commas.</p>
            <p>If you do not specify the <b>FIles</b> option, all documents in the folder are analyzed.</p></pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/OPtions=</pt>
          <pd>This parameter is particularly useful if you have Translation Memory databases available from previous translations. 
            It specifies the following: 
            <ul>
              <li>ADDTOMEM <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> can search
                existing Translation Memory databases for segments that match segments in the
                document being analyzed. Segments that match exactly or almost exactly are copied
                into the Translation Memory associated to the document or folder being analyzed. In
                that way, you can start to fill a document-specific Translation Memory even before
                its translation has begun.</li>
              <li>AUTO You can choose to have <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> automatically replace sentences
                with matches that already exist in the Translation Memory. This substitution is done
                only for exact matches. The document is then already partially translated when you
                start working with it, enabling you to focus on the translation of new
                segments.</li>
              <li>AUTOCONTEXTSee the explanation for <codeph>AUTO</codeph>. However, if
                more than one exact match has been found, the translation of the segment is to be
                taken from the same document.</li>
              <li>AUTOLAST See the explanation for <codeph>AUTO</codeph>. However, if more than one
                exact match has been found, the most recent translation of the segment is to be
                taken.</li>
              <li>AUTOJOIN Joins neighboring segments. This can be useful if you want to analyze a
                document that you have worked with before and where you joined neighboring text
                segments before you translated them. During a new analysis run these segments are
                treated as separate units again. However, in the associated Translation Memory there
                is a match (translation) for the joined segments only. To find this match more
                easily during automatic substitution, this option joins neighboring segments in the
                document to be analyzed. Note that neighboring segments are only joined if for the
                first segment a fuzzy match has been found.</li>
              <li>TMMATCH <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>
                counts the number and type of matches found in the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> for the 
                document. The document is then segmented and the matches are counted, but no segments are replaced with
                matches found in the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>.
                  <p>If you also specify <b>AUTO</b>, <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> automatically replaces
                  segments with matches found in the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> and counts the number and
                  type of matches replaced.</p></li>
              <li>SENDTOMT <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> prepares untranslated segments for the processing by a 
                machine translation system</li>
              <li>UNTRANSLATED All untranslated segments are to be stored in a separate file.</li>
              <li>ADJUSTLEADWS During whitespace handling of automatic substitution, leading whitespaces are adjusted to whitespaces in source 
                segment.</li>
              <li>ADJUSTTRAILWS During whitespace handling of automatic substitution, trailing whitespaces are adjusted to whitespaces in source 
                segment.</li>
              <li>RESPECTCRLF During whitespace handling of automatic substitution, substitution takes place with respect of CRLF in the segment.</li>
              <li>REDUNTCOUNTPrepare information for redundancy counting</li>
              <li>STOPATFIRSTEXACTDo no look for memory proposals in the remaining memories when an exact match has been found</li>
              <li>IGNORECOMMENTEDIgnore memory proposals which have a comment</li>
            </ul>
          </pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/MEm=<synph><var>memdb</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>memdb</var></synph> specifies a Translation Memory or a list of Translation Memory databases that is to be 
            searched when <codeph>ADDTOMEM</codeph> has been specified.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/OVerwrite=</pt>
          <pd>Specifies if an existing document will be overwritten when its translation has already been started. (<codeph>NO</codeph> is 
            the default).</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/QUIET</pt>
          <pd>If you specify the parameter in this format, you are not prompted with any message window. If you do not specify any of the 
            /quiet paramaters, a message window pops up whenever an error occurs or when the task has successfully completed.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/QUIET=NOMSG</pt>
          <pd>If you specify this parameter, you are not prompted with any message window. Any error message text is routed to stdout.</pd>
        </plentry>
      </parml>
      <note>You can type the commands in uppercase, lowercase, or in mixed-case letters. You may not use any wildcard characters, such as an 
        asterisk (*). </note>
    </section>
    <example>
      <title>Examples</title>
      <p>The following example shows how to analyze a document by using the OTMBATCH command.</p>
        <section>
          <title>Example</title>
          <codeblock>OTMBATCH /task=analysis /fld=myfol /files=16.scr /options=(addtomem,auto,untranslated) 
         /mem=oldmem</codeblock>
        </section>
      <p>In this example, the document to be analyzed has the file name <codeph>16.scr</codeph> and is stored in folder <codeph>myfol</codeph>. 
        Any matches found in the Translation Memory <codeph>oldmem</codeph> are to be added to the Translation Memory of folder
        <codeph>myfol</codeph>. Any original segment for which an exact match has been found is to be replaced with its corresponding translation 
        segment. All the remaining segments that are not translated are to be stored in a separate file. </p>
    </example>
  </refbody>
</reference>
