<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00251">
  <title>Sharing LAN-based Translation Memories</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>sharing<indexterm>Translation Memory databases</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> provides <b>two different solutions</b> to share Translation Memory 
       databases amongst several translators. One solution is based on <b>LAN-technology</b>, and one solution is based on a <b>WEB-Server
       technology</b> (see <xref href="eqfr5mst-00252.dita#eqfr5mst-00252"/>). This section describes the <b>LAN</b> (Local Area Network) 
       based solution.</p>
    <p>Sharing Translation Memory databases with other translators in a <b>LAN</b> (Local Area Network) system not only helps to 
       keep the local disk space small, but you can work with a Translation Memory even if another translator is using it at the 
       same time. You may find this especially convenient when you work with other translators on the same project. For example, 
       if you must translate a sentence that a fellow translator has translated only recently for the same project, you can 
       instantly use your colleague&apos;s translation by copying it from the LAN-based shared Translation Memory.</p>
    <p>If you wish to work with a LAN-based shared Translation Memory, you must note the following prerequisites: 
      <ol>
        <li><b>Install the LAN software on the server.</b> The appropriate LAN software must be installed (see
            <xref href="eqfr5mst-00020.dita#eqfr5mst-00020"/> for the supported software). </li>
        <li><b>Log on to the LAN.</b> You must be logged on to the LAN. </li>
        <li><b>Define a shared disk.</b> At least one of your disks must be defined as shared disk.
            In <b><tm trademark="Windows" tmowner="Microsoft Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="special">Windows</tm></b>
            you do this using the FileManager. In NOVELL Netware and 
            <tm trademark="IBM" tmowner="IBM Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="ibm">IBM</tm> LAN Manager LANs you 
            use the NET USE command. It is recommended to share the entire disk because 
            <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> creates its own subdirectory structure on this disk.</li>
        <li><b>Specify a LAN-based shared Translation Memory as a <b>shared</b> Translation Memory.</b> The Translation Memory you 
            want to share must be defined to reside on a shared disk. This can only be done when a new Translation Memory is created. 
            See <xref href="eqfr5mst-00221.dita#eqfr5mst-00221"/> for the creation of LAN-based shared Translation Memory databases. 
            Note that it is not possible to redefine a local Translation Memory as a LAN-based shared Translation Memory at a later 
            point in time. It must be done when it is <b>created</b>. If you created the Translation Memory, you can now start working 
            with it. If you want to use a Translation Memory created by someone else, see the next step.</li>
        <li><b>Connect to the LAN-based shared Translation Memory.</b> To use a Translation Memory that is defined as LAN-based shared 
            Translation Memory, but <b>not</b> created by you, you must add it to your Translation Memory List. See 
            <xref href="eqfr5mst-00252.dita#eqfr5mst-00252"/> to learn how to do this.</li>
      </ol>
    </p>
  </body>
</topic>
