<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00038">
  <title>The Workbench</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>translation workbench<indexterm>definition</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p>The <b>Workbench</b> is the first main window you see after you have started <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>. 
      With this window you start the actual translation and perform tasks closely related to translating, such as importing and exporting.
    </p>
    <p>The Workbench is the environment for managing all <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> components, such as: <ul>
        <li>Documents</li>
        <li>Folders</li>
        <li>Translation Memories</li>
        <li>Dictionaries</li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>Each component is listed in an individual window. Usually you work with any of these components in the following way: 
      <ol>
        <li>Select the item you want to work with from the respective window. For example, a document.</li>
        <li>Select the task you want to perform with this item from the respective menu. For example, <b>Import...</b>.</li>
        <li>Fill in the required information in the respective window. <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> needs 
          this information to correctly perform the task you selected.</li>
        <li>Press a button (for example, <b>Import</b>) to start the specified task.</li>
      </ol>
    </p>
    <p>The most important tasks in <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> are also represented as icons in the toolbar of 
      the Workbench. When you move your cursor over the individual icons you get hover help, giving you a short description of what the icon 
      represents.</p>
    <p>A status bar at the bottom of the Workbench indicates your current action. For example, if you select <b>New…</b> from the <b>File</b> menu,
      the status bar displays "Create a new object". To display the status bar, point to <b>Toolbar</b> on the <b>View</b> menu and then select 
      <b>Statusbar</b> from the submenu.</p>
    <p>You find all <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> components listed in smaller, subsidiary windows on the
      Workbench. Sometimes these windows are minimized. You see them displayed as icons at the bottom of the screen. If you double-click on one 
      of these icons, it is restored to its original size.</p>
    <p>When starting <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> for the first time, the following windows are shown on the
      Workbench: 
      <ul>
        <li>The <q>Folder List</q> window shows the folders currently available in your system. Folders contain all translation material for 
          one translation project. Read more about folders in the <cite>Translator’s Workbook</cite>.<indexterm>list windows<indexterm>Folder
          List</indexterm></indexterm></li>
        <li>The <q>Translation Memory List</q> window (as icon) shows the Translation Memories currently available in your system. Translation 
          Memories keep all sentences you ever translated, and provide translation proposals for previously translated text. Read more about 
          Translation Memories in <xref href="eqfr5mst-00217.dita#eqfr5mst-00217"/>.<indexterm>list windows<indexterm>Translation Memory
          List</indexterm></indexterm></li>
        <li>The <q>Dictionary List</q> window shows the dictionaries currently available in your system. For the translation of a document you 
          can use more than one dictionary. Read more about working with dictionaries in <xref href="eqfr5mst-00258.dita#eqfr5mst-00258"/>.
          <indexterm>list windows<indexterm>Dictionary List</indexterm></indexterm></li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>Each item in a list is preceded by a small icon indicating the type of item.</p>
    <p>To work with other <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> components, such as language lists, terminology lists, 
       or markup tables, open the respective window by selecting it from the <b>Utilities</b> menu.</p>
  </body>
</topic>
