<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00396">
  <title rev="GF_07122015">Working from the command area (Other Tools)</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>Other Tools</indexterm>
        <indexterm>Other Tools command area instructions</indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p>This chapter contains <q>other <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> tools</q> 
       which can be executed from the DOS command area.</p>
    <p rev="GF_07122015"><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> contains a plugin named <q><b>GUI for Command Line Tools</b></q>
      which helps users to run the tools from within <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>. Users
      are supported by displaying the command syntax as well as possible options to choose. The process and output will be 
      same same, no matter which way the user decided to use. For more information see <xref href="eqfr5mst-00416D.dita#eqfr5mst-00416D"/>.</p>  
    <p>
      <b>
        <u>To start a task from the DOS command area:</u>
      </b>
      <ol>
        <li>Open a DOS line command.</li>
        <li>Type a command and its parameters into the operating system’s DOS command area (next to
          the command prompt) according to the command syntax described in the following chapters.</li>
        <li>Press the <q>Enter</q> key.</li>
      </ol>
    </p>
    <p>Note that <b>lowercase letters</b> in a parameter name are
       <b>optional</b> and need not be typed. A mixture between uppercase and lowercase
       letters is allowed. However, a muddled letter sequence like in <codeph>OVerWRiTe</codeph> must
       not be used. The parameters can be entered in any order.</p>
    <p>To process several commands in sequence, type the individual commands into a DOS batch file
       (<codeph>*.BAT</codeph> using any text editor. You can execute these commands by starting
       the DOS batch file.</p>
    <p>To avoid retyping of long text strings in commands, you can also type a command and its
       parameters in a text editor, which is capable of the <b>Copy to clipboard</b> function. You
       can then <b>paste</b> the text string from the clipboard directly into your system’s DOS
       command area and start the task. </p>
  </body>
</topic>
