<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00605">
<title>The &lt;set...&gt; attributes</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords>

<indexterm>format files<indexterm>&lt;set...&gt; attributes</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>
<dl>
<dlentry><dt><codeph>sysname=$line_length</codeph></dt>
<dd>Specifies the length of a single line on your printout. If you do not
use this attribute, 80 characters per line are printed. This
attribute must be used together with the <codeph>value</codeph> attribute,
for example: <codeph>&lt;set sysname=$line_length value='70'&gt;</codeph>.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt><codeph>sysname=$page_length</codeph></dt>
<dd>Specifies the number of lines that are to be printed per
page. If you do not use this attribute, 72 lines per page are
printed. If your printer prints less than 72 lines per page, you must specify
the correct number here. This attribute must be used together
with the <codeph>value</codeph> attribute, for example: <codeph>&lt;set sysname=$page_length value='62'&gt;</codeph></dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt><codeph>sysname=$page_no</codeph></dt>
<dd>Specifies which page number is to be printed on the first
page of your printout. If you do not use this attribute, the starting page
number is 1. This attribute must be used together with the <codeph>value</codeph> attribute, for example:<codeph>&lt;set sysname=$page_no
value='7'&gt;</codeph></dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt><codeph>sysname=$page_eject</codeph></dt>
<dd>Specifies a character string that is inserted when the printer is supposed
to make a page eject. You must specify the value that is used by your printer,
otherwise no page eject is made. Refer to your printer manual for the page
eject character that is used by your printer (for example the ♀ character
= ASCII character 12). If you do not use this attribute, no character is
used. An automatic page eject is done within the <codeph>&lt;dictfront&gt;</codeph> and <codeph>&lt;dictback&gt;</codeph> section. This attribute must
be used together with the <codeph>value</codeph> attribute, for example:<codeph>&lt;set sysname=$page_eject value='♀'&gt;</codeph>.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt><codeph>value</codeph>=<synph><var>xxx</var></synph></dt>
<dd>This attribute is mandatory. It must be used in combination
with the attributes listed here for the <codeph>&lt;set...&gt;</codeph> tag. You use
it to specify the line length, the page length, the page number, and the page
eject string.</dd></dlentry>
</dl></p>
</body></topic>