<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00358">
<title>Creating a Translation Memory</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section/>
<section><title>Purpose</title><indexterm>Translation Memory<indexterm>creating (from command
area)</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>creating<indexterm>Translation Memory databases
(from command area)</indexterm></indexterm>
<p>To set up a new Translation Memory, it might be more convenient
to use a command instead of using <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> windows.</p>
</section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title><indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm>creating Translation
Memory databases</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>commands<indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm otherprops="">creating
Translation Memory databases</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
<p>The following syntax diagram describes how you create a Translation
Memory from the <tm trademark="Windows" tmowner="Microsoft Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="special">Windows</tm> command line. Note that
lowercase letters in a parameter name are optional and need not be
typed.</p>
<syntaxdiagram>
<groupseq><kwd>OTMBATCH</kwd></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>TAsk</kwd><oper>=</oper><kwd>MEMCRT</kwd></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>NAme</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>memdb</var></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>DEsc</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>desc</var></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>TYpe</kwd><oper>=</oper>
<groupchoice><kwd>SHARED</kwd><kwd importance="default">LOCAL</kwd></groupchoice></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>TOdrive</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>drive</var></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>SRclng</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>source</var></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>QUIET</kwd></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
</refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title>
<parml>
<plentry><pt>/TAsk=MEMCRT</pt>
<pd><codeph>MEMCRT</codeph> specifies that you want to set up a new Translation
Memory.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/NAme=<synph><var>memdb</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>memdb</var></synph> specifies the name of the new Translation Memory.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/DEsc=<synph><var>desc</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>desc</var></synph> specifies the description of the new Translation
Memory (up to 40 characters). If this parameter is not specified,
the new Translation Memory will have no description.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/TYpe=</pt>
<pd>Specifies whether the new Translation Memory is to be shared
among several <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> users (<codeph>SHARED</codeph>) or if it
is a local one which can be used only by you (<codeph>LOCAL</codeph>). If
you omit this parameter, <codeph>LOCAL</codeph> is assumed.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/TOdrive=<synph><var>drive</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>drive</var></synph> specifies the drive where the new Translation
Memory is to be located.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/SRclng=<synph><var>source</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>source</var></synph> is the source language of the text segments
stored in the new Translation Memory. </pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/QUIET</pt>
<pd>If you specify this parameter, you are not prompted with any
message window. If you do not specify this parameter, a message window
pops up whenever an error occurs or when the task has successfully
completed.</pd></plentry>
</parml>
<note>You can type the commands in uppercase, lowercase,
or in mixed-case letters. You may not use any wildcard characters,
such as an asterisk (*). </note>
</section>
<example><title>Examples</title>
<p>The following example shows how to create a Translation Memory
using the OTMBATCH command.</p><required-cleanup>
<section><title>Example</title>
<codeblock>otmbatch /task=memcrt /name=medmem /desc="new memory" /type=local
       /todrive=e /srclng=English(U.S.)</codeblock></section></required-cleanup>
<p>In this example, the new Translation Memory <codeph>medmem</codeph> is
a local one and will be located on drive E. The source language of
the stored text segments is English (U.S.). </p>
</example></refbody></reference>