<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00092">
  <title>Setting up the profile</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>profile<indexterm>setting up</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>editor functions<indexterm>setting up an individual profile</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p>You can customize some translation-specific functions in the editor according to your needs. Do this as follows:</p>
    <p>
      <ul>
        <li>Open the <b>Options</b> menu</li>
        <li>Select <b>Profile settings...</b></li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>This takes you to the <q>Customize Translation Functions</q> window. The options you specify in this window become immediately active 
      when you continue working with <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>.
      <indexterm>windows<indexterm>Customize Translation Functions<indexterm>options</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm></p>
    <p>You can customize the following options: 
      <ul>
        <li><ph>On the <q>Editor</q> page:</ph><indexterm>Customize Translation Functions<indexterm>Editor options</indexterm></indexterm>
          <ul>
            <li><b>Set insert mode for active segment</b> <indexterm>cursor<indexterm>switching to insert mode</indexterm></indexterm>
              <p>If you select this check box, the cursor state is switched to insert mode each time you start translating a new segment, 
                even if it was in replace mode before.</p></li>
            <li><b>Backspace across line boundaries</b> <indexterm>editor functions<indexterm>Backspace key</indexterm></indexterm>
              <indexterm>Backspace key</indexterm>
              <p>If you select this check box, the current line is joined with the previous line using the Backspace key during a translation. 
                To achieve this, you must place the cursor in the first column of a text line and then press the Backspace key. The
                cursor is then moved to the end of the previous line, and the two lines are joined within the active segment. If this check 
                box is cleared, pressing the Backspace key when the cursor is in the first text column has no effect on the cursor position.</p></li>
            <li><b>Insert proposal if insert mode is active</b> 
              <p>If you select this check box, a proposal that you copied from the <q>Translation Memory</q> window is inserted at the current 
                cursor position when the cursor is in insert mode. When the cursor is in replace mode, and this check box is cleared, the
                proposal replaces the active segment.</p></li>
            <li><b>Visual display</b>
              <p>Determines the display of embedded text in bidirectional language documents. Select this check box if you want embedded 
                numerals and text in an Arabic or Hebrew document to be shown from right to the left. Clear this check box if you want these
                parts displayed from left to the right. See also <xref href="eqfr5mst-00053.dita#eqfr5mst-00053"/>, if required.</p>
              <p>Have this check box cleared also for all non-bidirectional language documents.</p></li>
            <li><b>Automatic insert of SO/SI characters</b><indexterm>shift-in/shift-out characters, automatic insertion of</indexterm>
              <indexterm>DBCS, automatic insertion of shift-in/shift-out characters</indexterm>
              <indexterm>double-byte characters, automatic insertion of shift-in/shift-out characters</indexterm>
              <p>If you select this check box, shift-in (SI) and shift-out (SO) characters are inserted for double-byte characters 
                (Asian languages).</p>
              <p>SO characters and SI characters are treated as protected characters to prevent them from being overtyped. They are still 
                displayed in compact style mode.</p>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li><ph>On the <q>Display</q> page:</ph><indexterm>Customize Translation Functions<indexterm>Display options</indexterm></indexterm>
          <ul>
            <li><b>Visible white spaces</b>
              <p>If you select this check box, you can select a character that is displayed instead of a blank or a line feed. <ul>
                  <li><b>Visible blank</b> 
                    <p>Select a character from this drop-down list that you want to be displayed instead of a blank.</p></li>
                  <li><b>Visible line feed</b>
                    <p>Select a character from this drop-down list that you want to be displayed instead of a line feed.</p></li>
                </ul></p>
              <note>
                <ol>
                  <li>Some of the selectable characters might not display properly in the active system language.</li>
                  <li>Do not select the same character for both options, otherwise you cannot distinguish for what the substitution character 
                    stands.</li>
                  <li>You can choose a blank as a substitution for one or the other option. However, choosing a blank for <i>all</i> options 
                    causes the Translation Environment to appear as if the <b>Visible white spaces</b> check box is not selected. Avoid
                    this combination.</li>
                  <li>If you use the RTFEdit editor, the selections for <b>Visible blank</b> and <b>Visible line feed</b> are disabled because 
                    standard Windows characters are used for both selections.
                    <indexterm>RTFEdit editor<indexterm>visible blank characters</indexterm><indexterm>visible line feed characters</indexterm></indexterm></li>
                </ol>
              </note>
            </li>
            <li><b>Segment boundary sign in post edit</b>
              <p>If you select this check box, you can select a character that is displayed at the end of each segment when you postedit your 
                translation. 
                <ul>
                  <li><b>Segment boundary sign</b>
                    <p>Select a character from this drop-down list that you want to be displayed at the end of each segment.</p></li>
                </ul></p>
              <note>See also the previous notes.</note></li>
            <li><b>Shrink-style abbreviation</b>
              <p>Displays the symbol used as a placeholder for the information that cannot be translated. This symbol is displayed in the 
                <q>Translation</q> window if you select the shrink style from the <b>Style</b> menu. You can overtype this symbol with a
                symbol of your choice. This symbol can consist of up to three characters, for example <codeph>&lt;/&gt;</codeph>.</p></li>
            <li><b>Compact-style abbreviation</b>
              <p>Displays the symbol used to mark information in a segment that cannot be translated. This symbol is displayed in the 
                <q>Translation</q> window if you select the compact style from the <b>Style</b> menu. You can overtype it with a symbol of
                your choice. It can consist of up to three characters, for example <codeph>&lt;/&gt;</codeph>.</p></li>
            <li><b>Note</b>
              <p>Displays the name of the markup tag in the source document indicating that this document contains one or more notes. 
                You can overtype this name with a name of your choice.</p></li>
            <li><b>Line number for active segment</b>
              <p>Displays the number of the line containing the active segment. You can change it by specifying a number from 1 to 99.</p></li>
            <li><b>Right margin</b>
              <p>Determines the line length of a translated segment. You can select <b>Auto</b> to let the 
                 line length automatically adapt to the window size. You can also select one of the offered 
                 numbers or specify a number of your choice. This number determines how many characters are to fit a line.</p>
              <p rev="GF_18082016">The setting in the right margin has an impact on the output, specifically when a numeric value 
                 (e.g. 75 etc.) is defined, because this adds "line breaks" into the translated segments. So ensure 
                 that the setting in "Right margin" is always set to "Auto", which adds no line feed to the translated segments.</p>
              <p>This option only applies to segments still to be translated, not to segments that are already translated.</p>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li>
          <ph>On the <q>Dictionary</q> page:</ph><indexterm>Customize Translation Functions<indexterm>Directory options</indexterm></indexterm>
          <ul>
            <li><b>Information for dictionary terms</b>
              <p>If you mark this option, the <q>Dictionary</q> window contains additional information about each dictionary entry. You control 
                which dictionary entry fields are displayed by selecting or deselecting, for each field, the <b>Aut.Lookup</b> check box in the 
                <q>Dictionary Properties</q> window. If too many dictionary entry fields are to be displayed, they are abbreviated in the 
                <q>Dictionary</q> window.</p></li>
            <li><b>Dictionary terms of all dictionaries</b>
              <p>If you mark this option, the <q>Dictionary</q> window displays all translations that are found in the folder dictionaries for 
                the terms in the current segment. If you do not mark this option, only the first translation found for the terms is displayed.</p></li>
            <li><b>Dictionary indicator</b>
              <p>If you mark this option, the dictionaries listed in the title bar of the <q>Dictionary</q> window are numbered. In this case, 
                each translation of a term is preceded by the number of the dictionary from which it comes. The maximum number of
                dictionaries allowed is 10, where the tenth dictionary is preceded by the letter A.</p>
              <p>The default color of the dictionary indicator is gray on a white background. You can change these colors in the <q>Set Colors</q> 
                window (see <xref href="eqfr5mst-00089.dita#eqfr5mst-00089"/>).</p></li>
            <li><b>Show single words of compound terms in auto-lookup</b>
              <p>If the option is active the single words of a compound term are looked up together with the compound term. If the option is 
                inactive the single words of a compound term are not looked up in the dictionary auto-lookup.</p>
              <p> An example:</p>
              <p> Assume a dictionary containing the terms "data", "data processing", "data processing unit", and "unit". If a segment contains 
                the term "data processing unit" the dictionary window will show the translations for "data", "data processing",
                "data processing unit", and "unit" if the option is active and "data processing unit" if the option is inactive.</p></li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li>
          <ph id="ontranslmempage">On the <q>Transl.Mem</q> page:</ph><indexterm>Customize Translation Functions<indexterm>Translation Memory
              options</indexterm></indexterm>
          <ul>
            <li><q><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> window</q>
              <p>Lets you choose how the markup information is to be displayed in this window. You can choose between Protect, Hide, Compact, 
                and Compact+1. Protect is the default. For more information on these styles, refer to 
                <xref href="eqfr5mst-00047.dita#eqfr5mst-00047"/>.</p></li>
            <li><q>Display 'Source of Proposal' window</q>
              <p>If you select this check box, the <q>Source of Proposal(s)</q> window is always displayed when you work in the Translation 
                Environment. If you clear this check box, the window only appears when you double-click in the <q>Translation Memory</q>
                window, and it disappears again when you continue translating the next segment.</p>
            </li>
            <li><b>Number of proposals</b>
              <p>If you select this check box, the number of found translation proposals is displayed in front of the original segment in the 
                <q>Translation Memory</q> window and the <q>Source of Proposal(s)</q> window. For example, <codeph>[2]</codeph> in
                either of these windows means that two translation proposals are available.</p></li>
            <li><b>Document of proposal</b>
              <p>If you select this check box, the file name of the document where a translation proposal originates from is displayed in 
                front of the proposal in the <q>Translation Memory</q> window and the <q>Source of Proposal(s)</q> window. For example,
                  <codeph>[DEVICE.HTML]</codeph> means that the displayed proposal originates from document <codeph>device.html</codeph>.</p></li>
            <li><b>Date of proposal</b>
              <p>If you select this check box, the date when a translation proposal has been stored in a Translation Memory is displayed in 
                front of the proposal in the <q>Translation Memory</q> window and the <q>Source of Proposal(s)</q> window. For example,
                  <codeph>[DEVICE.HTML 3/21/00]</codeph> means that the displayed proposal has been saved on the date shown.</p></li>
            <li rev="GF_03042017"><b>Display MT match always</b>
                 <indexterm>Translation Memory matches<indexterm>displaying MT matches</indexterm></indexterm>
                 <indexterm>matches<indexterm>displaying MT matches</indexterm></indexterm>
<!--              <p>If you select this check box, MT matches are always displayed in the <q>Translation Memory</q> window. If you clear this 
                 check box, MT proposals are only displayed if there are no fuzzy proposals, or fuzzy proposals of poor quality.</p>-->
              <p>In general, MT-matches are <b>not</b> displayed in case the translation memory contains EXACT-EXACT matches, EXACT matches or HAMSTER 
                 (= global memory) matches. If you <b>select</b> this check box, then MT-matches are <b>always</b> displayed in the “Translation Memory” 
                 window, even if there are FUZZY matches available in the translation memory. If you <b>clear</b> this check box, then 
                 MT-matches are <b>only</b> displayed, if a FUZZY match has a fuzziness <b>below</b> 70%. If the fuzziness of the FUZZY match is 
                 <b>above</b> 70%, then the MT-matches are <b>not</b> displayed.</p>
            </li>
            <li><b>Automatic replacement in fuzzy matches</b>
              <indexterm>Translation Memory matches<indexterm>having terms replaced automatically</indexterm></indexterm>
              <indexterm>matches<indexterm>having terms replaced automatically</indexterm></indexterm>
              <p>If you select this check box, all information that is language independent (and therefore need not be translated), such as 
                dates and proper nouns, is automatically replaced in a fuzzy match to reflect the information in the active original segment.
                This results in more precise proposals. It also saves you from revising the proposal after it has been copied from the 
                <q>Translation Memory</q> window. </p>
              <p>This option is particularly useful if you translate documents that contain numerous dates, figures, and abbreviations 
                (for example, stock market reports).</p>
              <p>To show the automatic replacement, the proposal is preceded by an <codeph>[r]</codeph> when it is displayed in the 
                <q>Translation Memory</q> window.</p>
              <p>The following example shows an automatic replacement within a fuzzy match:</p>
              <p>Current original segment:
                <codeblock>(0) - Windows 98 Developer’s Toolkit</codeblock></p>
              <p>Similar segment in a previous original document:
                <codeblock>(0) - Windows 95 Developer’s Toolkit</codeblock></p>
              <p>This segment has previously been translated into German:
                <codeblock>Windows 95 Entwicklungswerkzeug</codeblock></p>
              <p>If you have not marked this option, you get this translation offered as a proposal in the <q>Translation Memory</q> window:
                <codeblock>1[f] - Windows 95 Entwicklungswerkzeug</codeblock></p>
              <p>If you have marked this option, the match is presented as follows:
                <codeblock>1[r] - Windows 98 Entwicklungswerkzeug</codeblock></p>
              <p>The version number (95) has been updated to match the current original segment.</p>
              <note>A translation proposal can be fuzzy in some parts and also contain information that has automatically been replaced 
                (for example, a date). This proposal would be preceded by [rf].</note></li>
            <li><b>Abbreviate Translation Memory proposal</b>
              <indexterm>editor functions<indexterm>abbreviating Translation Memory proposals</indexterm></indexterm>
              <indexterm>Translation Memory<indexterm>abbreviating proposals</indexterm></indexterm>
              <indexterm>abbreviations<indexterm>Translation Memory proposals</indexterm></indexterm>
              <p>If you select this check box, the original segment in the <q>Translation Memory</q> window (preceded by <codeph>[0]</codeph>) 
                is truncated if it is longer than one line. This is shown by an ellipsis (...). If this check box is cleared, the
                <q>Translation Memory</q> window displays the complete original segment even if it exceeds one line.</p></li>
            <li><b>Display all exact proposals</b><indexterm>editor functions<indexterm>display all exact proposals</indexterm></indexterm>
              <indexterm>proposals<indexterm>display all</indexterm></indexterm>
              <indexterm>translation proposal<indexterm>display all</indexterm></indexterm>
              <indexterm>Translation Memory<indexterm>display all proposals</indexterm></indexterm>
              <p>If you select this check box, the <q>Translation Memory</q> window permanently shows up to nine available translation proposals 
                for a current segment. If multiple proposals are available, they are displayed in chronological order. Proposals from
                the current document precede those from other documents.</p>
              <p>If this check box is cleared, only one (the most recent) translation proposal is displayed for a segment. If more proposals 
                are available, this proposal is preceded by <codeph>[1++]</codeph>. You can actuate the display of (up to nine) further
                proposals by double-clicking <codeph>++</codeph> in the <q>Translation Memory</q> window, or by pressing an assigned shortcut 
                key. However, you need to repeat this for every segment.</p>            </li>
            <li><b>Quality of Proposal (in %)</b><indexterm>translation proposal<indexterm>quality of proposal</indexterm></indexterm>
              <indexterm>proposals<indexterm>quality of fuzzy matches</indexterm></indexterm>
              <indexterm>Translation Memory<indexterm>quality of fuzzy matches</indexterm></indexterm>
              <p>If you select this check box, the <q>Translation Memory</q> window permanently shows a percentage number with every fuzzy 
                translation proposal. Percentage numbers rank fuzzy proposals; the topmost proposal has the highest rank.</p></li>
            <li><b>Memory Indicator</b>
              <p>If you select this check box, the "Translation Memory" window permanently shows a memory indicator (e.g. [a]) for the 
                memory containing the displayed proposal.</p></li>
            <li><b>Memory Name</b>
              <p>If you select this check box, the "Translation Memory" window permanently shows the name of the memory containing the 
                displayed proposal.</p></li>
            <li><b>Use color for machine and fuzzy proposals </b>
              <p>If you select this check box, the "Translation Memory" window permanently shows fuzzy matches and machine matches in the 
                colors defined in the "Set colors" window. The settings "(M) -Fuzzy proposal" and "(M) - Protected in fuzzy proposal" are used
                for fuzzy matches and "(M) - Machine proposal" and "(M) - Protected in machine proposal is used for machine proposals.</p></li>
            <li><b>Show differences between machine and fuzzy proposals above </b>
              <p>If you select this check box, the "Translation Memory" window permanently shows the differences between the best fuzzy match 
                and the first machine match in the colors defined in the "Set colors" window for "(MS) - Source modified", "(MS) - Source
                equal", and "(MS) - Source inserted". The following field can be used to specify the fuzziness below which the differences 
                will not be shown.</p></li>
          </ul>
          <p>If this check box is cleared, no percentage number is displayed. Nevertheless, the topmost proposal is likely to fit best.</p></li>
        <li>
          <ph>On the <q>Messages</q> page:</ph><indexterm>Customize Translation Functions<indexterm>Messages options</indexterm></indexterm>
          <ul>
            <li><b>Check for changes of inline tags</b> <indexterm>markup tags<indexterm>checking for changes in segments</indexterm></indexterm>
              <p>If you mark this option, <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> checks if you changed, deleted, or
                added any markup tags within segments. For example, it checks if you changed a tag that indicates a change of the font type 
                used. If a tag has been changed, you get a warning message. This ensures that the layout of the translation document still
                looks like that of the original document, and no markup information is changed. If you do not mark this option, the warning 
                message is not displayed.</p></li>
            <li><b>Suppress message 'Fuzzy proposal unchanged'</b>
              <indexterm>editor functions<indexterm>suppressing messages</indexterm></indexterm>
              <indexterm>messages<indexterm>suppressing</indexterm></indexterm>
              <indexterm>suppressing messages</indexterm>
              <p>If you do not mark this option, you get a warning message when you save a segment that you copied from a fuzzy proposal and 
                did not change it (this is the default). This helps you remember to revise segments that you translated using a fuzzy
                translation proposal. If you mark this option, the message is not displayed.</p></li>
            <li><b>Suppress message 'Source unchanged'</b>
              <p>If you do not mark this option, you get a warning message when you want to save an untranslated segment as a translation. 
                If you mark this option, the message is omitted, and the original segment is saved as a translation. This might be useful
                when the original segment contains information that you do not want to translate (for example, citations, time and date 
                information).</p></li>
          </ul>
        </li>
        <li>On the <q>Aut. Substitution</q> page:<indexterm>Customize Translation Functions<indexterm>Aut. Substitution options</indexterm></indexterm>
          <ul>
            <li><b>Interrupt automatic substitution</b>
              <indexterm>automatic substitution<indexterm>interrupting</indexterm></indexterm>
              <p>Select this check box if you want the automatic substitution to stop if a segment cannot be substituted automatically. 
                This occurs when <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> cannot find an exact match in the Translation 
                Memory or if it finds more than one exact match. If you clear this check box, 
                <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> skips all segments for which no exact match is found or for which 
                more than one exact match is found and continues automatic substitution.</p></li>
            <li><b>Use exact context match when more than one found</b>
              <p>Select this check box if you expect segments with more than one exact match in the associated 
                <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> and if you want the system to choose the one from the same 
                document. If you clear this check box, <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> skips the automatic 
                substitution for this segment whenever more than one exact translation is found for a source segment.</p></li>
            <li><b>Use latest exact match when more than one found</b>
              <p>Select this check box if you want an automatic substitution run not to stop when more than one exact match is encountered. 
                The most recent match in the Translation Memory is taken for the substitution.</p></li>
            <li><b>Adjust leading white space to white space in source segment</b>
              <p>Select this check box if you want the text to have the same leading white space (blank, tab stop, and line feed) before and 
                after the automatic substitution, or when copying a proposal from the Translation Memory in the active segment.</p>
              <p>No adjustment is the default.</p></li>
            <li><b>Adjust trailing white space to white space in source segment</b>
              <p>Select this check box if you want the text to have the same trailing white space (blank, tab stop, and line feed) before and 
                after the automatic substitution, or when copying a proposal from the Translation Memory in the active segment.</p>
              <p>No adjustment is the default.</p></li>
          </ul>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </p>
  </body>
</topic>
