<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-NF123-5" rev="GF_06052015_2">
  <title>Dictionary proposal merge function is not implemented properly</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p><b><u>Change 1 - Displaying single source terms:</u></b> In the <b>previous dictionary display</b> within the editor, the 
       display for a single source term may show several duplicate head term entries, each listing the same or different translated terms.  
       The translated terms may have the same or different product identifiers or comments.  
       The <b>new</b> implementation will merge these multiple entries into a <b>single head term entry</b>, where 
       each translated term is listed only once, with its product identifiers and comments merged together.  
       This will compress the head term entry into a smaller area, and allow more terms to be listed for 
       long segments. The dictionary <b>lookup</b> window can still be used to display the original entry's information.</p>
    <p><b><u>Change 2 - Copying terms when more than 52 terms are listed:</u></b> In the <b>previous dictionary display</b> within the editor, only the <b>first 52</b> 
       (or less) translated terms could be easily copied using a hot key (like Ctrl+a). If there were <b>more</b> than 52 (or less) terms, 
       they were identified with an asterisk '*' and could <b>not</b> be copied using a hot key. The <b>new</b> implementation allows the 
       user to <b>define a special hot key</b> to page down/up the hot key assignments to either the next or the previous group of terms. 
       This will allow all terms to be easily copied using a <b>Ctrl+x</b> hot key (where x is the user defined key). Keys are defined 
       while being in the translation editor. Go to "Options", "Keys...", and in the panel "Assign Keys" locate e.g. "Scroll disctionary down".</p>    
  </body>
</topic>
