<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00383">
  <title>Importing documents</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section/>
    <section>
      <title>Purpose</title>
      <indexterm>document<indexterm>OTMBATCH: importing (from command area)</indexterm></indexterm>
      <indexterm>importing<indexterm>OTMBATCH: documents (from command area)</indexterm></indexterm>
      <p>If you have many large documents that you want to import, using the command area of your
        operating system instead of <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>
        windows might be more convenient.</p>
      <p>Before importing, ensure that: <ul>
          <li><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> has been started.</li>
          <li>A folder has been created. This folder can still be empty and will later contain the
            documents to be imported.</li>
        </ul></p>
      <p>The properties of the folder give information on the used markup language and other
        document-related information that is necessary when importing the respective documents.</p>
      <p>To work from the command area, use the <b>OTMBATCH</b> command. Its syntax is described in
        the following chapter.</p>
    </section>
    <refsyn>
      <title>Format</title>
      <indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm>importing documents</indexterm></indexterm>
      <indexterm>commands<indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm otherprops="">importing
          documents</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
      <p>The following syntax diagram describes how to import from the command area of your
        operating system. Note that lowercase letters in a parameter name are optional and need not
        be typed. <syntaxdiagram>
          <groupseq><kwd>OTMBATCH</kwd></groupseq>
          <groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>TAsk</kwd><oper>=</oper><kwd>DOCIMP</kwd></groupseq>
          <groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>FLD</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>folder</var></groupseq>
          <groupseq importance="optional"
              ><delim>/</delim><kwd>STartpath</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>startpath</var></groupseq>
          <groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>FIles</kwd><oper>=</oper>
            <groupchoice>
              <groupseq><var>file_name</var></groupseq>
              <groupseq><delim>(</delim>
                <groupseq><repsep>,</repsep><var>file_name</var></groupseq><delim>)</delim></groupseq>
              <groupseq><oper>@</oper><var>list_file_name</var></groupseq></groupchoice></groupseq>
          <groupseq importance="optional"
              ><delim>/</delim><kwd>ALIAS</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>alias</var></groupseq>
          <groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>OVerwrite</kwd><oper>=</oper>
            <groupchoice><kwd importance="default">NO</kwd><kwd>YES</kwd></groupchoice></groupseq>
          <groupseq importance="optional">
            <groupchoice>
              <groupseq><delim>/</delim><var>QUIET</var></groupseq>
              <groupseq><delim>/</delim><var>QUIET=NOMSG</var></groupseq></groupchoice></groupseq>
          <groupseq importance="optional"
              ><delim>/</delim><kwd>EDit</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>editor</var></groupseq>
          <groupseq importance="optional"
              ><delim>/</delim><kwd>MArkup</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>markup</var></groupseq>
          <groupseq importance="optional"
              ><delim>/</delim><kwd>CONV</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>conv</var></groupseq></syntaxdiagram></p>
    </refsyn>
    <section>
      <title>Parameters</title>
      <parml>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/TAsk=DOCIMP</pt>
          <pd><codeph>DOCIMP</codeph> specifies that you want to import a document.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/FLD=<synph><var>folder</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>folder</var></synph> specifies the name of the folder where the documents
            imported are to be placed.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/STartpath=<synph><var>startpath</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>startpath</var></synph> specifies the drive, directory, or both, to be
            omitted from the document’s name. It only applies to documents imported in external
            format where the path in which the document resides normally becomes part of the
            document’s name.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/FIles=<synph><var>file_name</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>file_name</var></synph> specifies the name of the document you
            want to import. The <synph><var>file_name</var></synph> specification can include the
            drive and directory where the file to be imported is found. <p>If you specify several
              documents, enclose the document names in brackets and separate them by commas.</p>
            <p>If you want to specify a list of document names in a list file, refer to this list
              file by preceding the list file name with the <codeph>@</codeph> symbol
                (<codeph>@</codeph><synph><var>list_file_name</var></synph>). In the list file
              enclose the document names in brackets and separate them by commas.</p></pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/ALIAS=<synph><var>alias</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>alias</var></synph> specifies an alias name for the document to be
            imported. If you import several documents, this alias name applies to all of them. The
            name can be up to 256 characters long.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/OVerwrite=</pt>
          <pd>Specifies if an existing document will be overwritten when importing a document with
            the same name (<codeph>NO</codeph> is the default).</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/QUIET</pt>
          <pd>If you specify the parameter in this format, you are not prompted with any message
            window. If you do not specify any of the /quiet paramaters, a message window pops up
            whenever an error occurs or when the task has successfully completed.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/QUIET=NOMSG</pt>
          <pd>If you specify this parameter, you are not prompted with any message window. Any error
            message text is routed to stdout.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/EDit=<synph><var>editor</var></synph></pt>
          <pd>Specifies the editor to be used for the imported document.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/MArkup=<synph><var>markup</var></synph></pt>
          <pd>Specifies the markup table to be used for the document.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/CONV=<synph><var>conv</var></synph></pt>
          <pd>Specifies the conversion to be used for the document.</pd>
        </plentry>
      </parml>
      <note>You can type the commands in uppercase, lowercase, or in mixed-case letters. You may not
        use any wildcard characters, such as an asterisk (*).</note>
    </section>
    <example>
      <title>Examples</title>
      <p>The following example shows how to import several documents using the OTMBATCH command.</p>
        <section>
          <title>Example</title>
          <codeblock>OTMBATCH /task=docimp /fld=pharma /files=@medlist.lst /overwrite=no</codeblock>
        </section>
      <p>In this example, the documents to be imported are listed in file
          <codeph>medlist.lst</codeph>. <codeph>medlist.lst</codeph> looks as follows:</p>
        <section>
          <title>medlist.lst</title>
          <codeblock>(d:\medset.doc, d:\medfrm.doc, d:\medb01.doc, d:\medb02.doc)</codeblock>
        </section>
      <p>The file <codeph>medlist.lst</codeph> must be located either on the current directory, or
        (if it is not in the current directory) you must specify the complete path where it is
        located. For example, <codeph>@d:\test\medlist.lst</codeph>.</p>
      <note>There is a <codeph>@</codeph> sign before the drive letter.</note>
      <p>All files contained in <codeph>medlist.lst</codeph> are to be imported into folder
          <codeph>pharma</codeph> and are located in the root directory of drive D. If one of the
        files already exists in the specified folder, it is not overwritten and you get a
        message.</p>
    </example>
    <example>
      <title>Examples</title>
      <p>The following examples show how to import documents in external format with a path.</p>
      <p>Assume that the following directories and files are on your V disk:
        <codeblock>[proj1]
  [vers1]
    [mri]
      base.mri
      dialog.mri
      dialog2.mri
      message.osm
    [docs]
      intro.htm
      lesson.htm
  [vers2]
    [mri]
      base.mri
      dialog.mri
      dialog2.mri
      message.osm
    [docs]
      intro.htm
      lesson.htm</codeblock></p>
      <section>
          <title>Example 1</title>
          <codeblock>OTMBATCH /task=docimp /fld=test /startpath=v:\
       /files=(vers1\docs\*.htm,vers2\docs\*.htm) </codeblock>
        </section>
      <p>In this example, the following documents are imported into folder <codeph>test</codeph>:
        <codeblock>vers1\docs\intro.htm
vers1\docs\lesson.htm
vers2\docs\intro.htm
vers2\docs\lesson.htm</codeblock></p>
        <section>
          <title>Example 2</title>
          <codeblock>OTMBATCH /task=docimp /fld=test /startpath=v:\vers1\ /files=(mri\*.*,docs\*.*) </codeblock>
        </section>
      <p>In this example, the following documents are imported into folder <codeph>test</codeph>:
        <codeblock>mri\base.mri
mri\dialog.mri
mri\dialog2.mri
mri\message.osm
docs\intro.htm
docs\lesson.htm</codeblock></p>
        <section>
          <title>Example 3</title>
          <codeblock>OTMBATCH /task=docimp /fld=test /startpath=v:\vers1\ /files=(*.*) </codeblock>
        </section>
      <p>In this example, the following documents are imported into folder <codeph>test</codeph>:
        <codeblock>mri\base.mri
mri\dialog.mri
mri\dialog2.mri
mri\message.osm
docs\intro.htm
docs\lesson.htm</codeblock></p>
        <section>
          <title>Example 4</title>
          <codeblock>OTMBATCH /task=docimp /fld=test /startpath=v:\ /files=(*.*) </codeblock>
        </section>
      <p>In this example, the following documents are imported into folder <codeph>test</codeph>:
        <codeblock>vers1\mri\base.mri
vers1\mri\dialog.mri
vers1\mri\dialog2.mri
vers1\mri\message.osm
vers1\docs\intro.htm
vers1\docs\lesson.htm
vers2\mri\base.mri
vers2\mri\dialog.mri
vers2\mri\dialog2.mri
vers2\mri\message.osm
vers2\docs\intro.htm
vers2\docs\lesson.htm</codeblock></p>
        <section>
          <title>Example 5</title>
          <codeblock>OTMBATCH /task=docimp /fld=test /startpath=v:\vers1\docs /files=(*.htm) </codeblock>
        </section>
      <p>In this example, the following documents are imported into folder <codeph>test</codeph>:
        <codeblock>intro.htm
lesson.htm</codeblock></p>
    </example>
  </refbody>
</reference>
