<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00084">
  <title>Manipulating segments</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> divides the translation into individual text units (segments). The editor
      provides functions to conveniently work with these segments.</p>
    <table pgwide="0" frame="topbot">
      <tgroup cols="3" colsep="0" rowsep="1">
        <colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*"/>
        <colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*"/>
        <colspec colname="col3" colwidth="2*"/>
        <thead>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top" rowsep="1">Task</entry>
            <entry valign="top" rowsep="1">Key or Menu</entry>
            <entry valign="top" rowsep="1">Comment</entry>
          </row>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Compress segment <indexterm>segments<indexterm>compressing</indexterm></indexterm></entry>
            <entry valign="top">To be assigned</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Turns segments presented in a style other than compact into compact style again.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Delete segment <indexterm>segments<indexterm>deleting</indexterm></indexterm></entry>
            <entry valign="top">To be assigned</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Deletes the active segment.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Expand segment <indexterm>segments<indexterm>expanding</indexterm></indexterm></entry>
            <entry valign="top">To be assigned</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Turns a segment into protected style if it was compact before.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Join segments <indexterm>segments<indexterm>joining</indexterm></indexterm></entry>
            <entry valign="top">Translate menu, "Join segments"</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Combines the active segment with the following one, and changes the way a document file is segmented.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Mark segment <indexterm>segments<indexterm>marking</indexterm></indexterm></entry>
            <entry valign="top">Key or command to be assigned</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Marks the active segment.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Reflow segment <indexterm>segments<indexterm>reflowing</indexterm></indexterm></entry>
            <entry valign="top">Edit menu, "Reflow segment"</entry>
            <entry valign="top">The current segment is reflown (dependent on definition of right margin). This function is not active if 
              right margin is set to AUTO.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Spellcheck segments <indexterm>segments<indexterm>spellchecking</indexterm></indexterm></entry>
            <entry valign="top">Spellcheck menu, "Segment"</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Checks the spelling of a segment.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Split joined segments <indexterm>segments<indexterm>splitting</indexterm></indexterm></entry>
            <entry valign="top">Translate menu, "Split joined segments"</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Splits up previously combined segments at the current cursor position.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Translate segment <indexterm>segments<indexterm>translating</indexterm></indexterm></entry>
            <entry valign="top">Translate menu, "Translate segment" or Ctrl+Enter</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Confirms a translation and activates next segment. Alternative way to activate any segment in document 
              where cursor has been positioned. Can be used to leave postediting mode.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Truncate segment <indexterm>segments<indexterm>truncating</indexterm></indexterm></entry>
            <entry valign="top">Alt+Delete</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Deletes all text from the current cursor position to the end of the segment.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Untranslate segment <indexterm>segments<indexterm>untranslating</indexterm></indexterm></entry>
            <entry valign="top">Translate menu, "Untranslate segment"</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Deletes the translated segment from the Translation Memory. The original segment replaces the translated one.</entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
  </body>
</topic>
