<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00148">
<title>ANSI documents</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords>

<indexterm>document
types<indexterm>ANSI</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>ANSI documents</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> provides the following markup tables to import different
ANSI (Windows ISO 8859-x) documents:
<ul>
<li><codeph>EQFALINE</codeph> for files in which everything is translatable.</li>
<li><codeph>EQFAQUOT</codeph> for files in which translatable text is enclosed
in single quotes.</li>
<li><codeph>EQFAMRI</codeph> for files in which translatable text is enclosed
in double quotes.</li>
<li><codeph>EQFANSI</codeph> for ANSI documents. This markup table is combined
with a user exit.</li>
</ul></p>
<p>The <codeph>EQFALINE</codeph> markup table is used for ANSI documents
that are completely translatable. In such documents, each line is
translated separately. This means that text segmentation is based
on a line basis. Such documents do not contain comments.</p>
<p>The <codeph>EQFAQUOT</codeph> markup table is used for files in which
translatable text is enclosed in single quotes (') and the <codeph>EQFAMRI</codeph> markup
table for files in which translatable text is enclosed in double quotes
("). Comments, which are not translatable, begin with two backslashes
(\\) and end with the end of the current line or begin
with \* and end with *\. In the latter
case, comments can span several lines. Replacement variables that
start with a percent sign (%) and have a well-defined format
like %8.8s or %ld, are not translatable.</p>
</body></topic>