<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00369">
<title>Performing several tasks in one step</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section/>
<section><title>Purpose</title>
<p>Instead of typing all parameters in one line, you can use the /TASKLIST
option and specify the parameters for any task in a separate file.</p>
</section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title>
<syntaxdiagram>
<groupseq><kwd>OTMBATCH</kwd></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>TASKLIST</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>list_of_tasks</var></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>QUIET</kwd></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
</refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title>
<parml>
<plentry><pt>/TASKLIST=<i>list_of_tasks</i></pt>
<pd><i>list_of_tasks</i> is the name of a file
containing a task description on each line, for example, parameters
for several import or export requests (see examples).</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/QUIET</pt>
<pd>Can only be specified with the /TASKLIST option to suppress
messages. If this option is omitted, a message window pops up whenever
an error occurs or when a task has successfully completed.</pd></plentry>
</parml>
<note>You can type the commands in uppercase, lowercase,
or in mixed-case letters. You may not use any wildcard characters,
such as an asterisk (*).</note>
</section>
<example><title>Examples</title>
<p>The following example shows how to specify the export parameters
in a separate file (taskexp.fil) to export several documents (med1.txt
and med2.txt) and then call the OTMBATCH command with a reference to
this file.</p><required-cleanup>
<section><title>taskexp.fil</title>
<codeblock>/task=docexp /fld=pharma /files=c:\med1.txt /options=target /overwrite=yes
/task=docexp /fld=pharma /files=c:\med2.txt /options=target /overwrite=yes</codeblock></section></required-cleanup>
<p>Enter the OTMBATCH command as follows:</p><required-cleanup>
<section><title>Example</title>
<codeblock>otmbatch /tasklist=taskexp.fil</codeblock></section></required-cleanup>
<p>This lets you export more than one document with one command. All
OTMBATCH tasks can be combined.</p>
<p>The next example shows how to specify the import parameters in
a separate file (taskimp.fil) to import several documents listed in
two files (@meddoca.lst and @meddocb.lst) and then call
the OTMBATCH command with a reference to this file.</p><required-cleanup>
<section><title>taskimp.fil</title>
<codeblock>/task=docimp /fld=pharma /files=@meddoca.lst /overwrite=no
/task=docimp /fld=pharma /files=@meddocb.lst /overwrite=no</codeblock></section></required-cleanup>
<p>Enter the OTMBATCH command as follows:</p><required-cleanup>
<section><title>Example</title>
<codeblock>otmbatch /tasklist=taskimp.fil</codeblock></section></required-cleanup>
<p>This lets you import more than one document with one command. All
OTMBATCH tasks can be combined.</p>
</example></refbody></reference>