<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00400">
  <title>Revising an Initial Translation Memory</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section/>
    <section>
      <title>Purpose</title>
      <indexterm>Initial Translation Memory (ITM)<indexterm>checking segment pairs</indexterm></indexterm>
      <indexterm>Translation Memory matches<indexterm>machine-generated</indexterm></indexterm>
      <indexterm>matches<indexterm>machine-generated</indexterm></indexterm>
      <indexterm>Initial Translation Memory (ITM)<indexterm>checking correctness of matches</indexterm></indexterm>
      <p>All matches placed in an Initial <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> 
         are indicated in the translation editor by a [m] prefix. It is strongly recommended that you check the 
         correctness of these machine matches before using them if you have not already done this using the Initial 
        <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> editor. </p>
      <p>An alternative method to perform this check is to retranslate the original document in the 
         <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> editor, and to compare the
         sentences in the original document with the translation proposals from the Initial 
         <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>. For each sentence, either
         <b>accept</b> or <b>reject</b> the saved translation. If you <b>accept</b> 
         the translation proposal, the [m] flag is removed. Translations you reject, however, retain the [m] flag. 
         Finally, the DOS line command utility OtmMemoryTool (applying the task <q>/TASK=deleteMtProposal</q>) can be 
         used to delete all translations that still have the machine translation flag [m].</p>
      <p>To check the correctness of a newly generated Initial <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>, 
         proceed as follows: 
        <ol>
          <li>Create a folder with the following properties: 
            <ul>
              <li>The name of the Initial <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> as 
                  <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> name.</li>
              <li>The same <b>markup table</b> that was used when creating the Initial 
                  <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>.</li>
              <li>The same <b>source and target language</b> you used when creating the Initial 
                  <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>.</li>
              <li>If you want to make changes while checking, select the appropriate dictionaries.</li>
            </ul>
          </li>
          <li>Import only the original documents into the folder, but don't import the target documents. 
              Use the same original files that you used when creating the Initial 
              <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>.</li>
          <li>Open each document and perform the following tasks for all sentences: 
            <ul>
              <li>If there is an acceptable proposal for the current segment, displayed in the
                  <q><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/></q> window,
                  accept it by pressing Ctrl+<i>n</i>, where <i>n</i> is the number of the proposal
                  you consider correctly translated. The source segment is replaced with the accepted
                  target segment. <p>Press Ctrl+Enter to store the translation of the segment now as a
                  human translation that removes the [m] flagging and proceeds to the next segment.</p></li>
              <li>If you do not accept any of the displayed proposals, move the cursor to the text
                  following the currently active segment (for example, by pressing Ctrl+End and moving
                  the cursor to the right) and then press Ctrl+Enter.</li>
            </ul>
          </li>
          <li>When you have reached the end of all documents, leave the Translation Environment.</li>
          <li>When you have checked the Initial <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> 
              based on all the documents that were used to create it, the Initial Translation Memory contains 
              exact matches (the approved proposals) and machine-generated matches (the rejected proposals).</li>
        </ol>
      </p>
    </section>
    <refsyn>
      <title>Format</title>
      <indexterm>commands<indexterm>OtmMemoryTool</indexterm></indexterm>
      <indexterm>OtmMemoryTool</indexterm>
      <p>The following syntax diagram describes how you remove all the rejected machine-generated
         matches from the Initial Translation Memory from the DOS command line area. Note that lowercase 
         letters in a parameter name are optional and need not be typed.</p>
      <syntaxdiagram>
        <groupseq>
          <kwd>OtmMemoryTool</kwd>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>TASK</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <kwd>deleteMtProposal</kwd>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>MEm</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>memdb</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>TYpe</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <kwd>NOCONF</kwd>
        </groupseq>
      </syntaxdiagram>
    </refsyn>
    <section>
      <title>Parameters</title>
      <parml>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/TASK=deleteMtProposal</pt>
          <pd>deleteMtProposal is the option used to delete MT-proposals from the 
              <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/MEm=<synph><var>memdb</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>memdb</var></synph> is the name of the previously created and checked
            Initial <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> (without the file extension). 
            All segments with the [m] flag are removed from this <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>, 
            all others remain unchanged.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/TYpe=NOCONF</pt>
          <pd>NOCONF specifies that no confirmation message is displayed at the end of the process.
            This is useful when you do not want to be interrupted by a message.</pd>
        </plentry>
      </parml>
      <p>When all machine-generated matches are removed from the 
         <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>, this is indicated by a completion message.</p>
    </section>
    <example>
      <title>Examples</title>
      <p>The following example shows how to remove all machine-generated matches from a 
         <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> called <codeph>MyMemory</codeph>.</p>
<!--      <required-cleanup>-->
        <section>
          <title>Example</title>
          <codeblock>OtmMemoryTool /TASK=deleteMtProposal /MEM=MyMemory</codeblock>
        </section>
<!--      </required-cleanup>-->
    </example>
  </refbody>
</reference>
