<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00363">
<title>Importing a dictionary</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section/>
<section><title>Purpose</title><indexterm>dictionary<indexterm>importing (from command
area)</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>importing<indexterm>dictionaries (from command
area)</indexterm></indexterm>
<p>If you want to import a dictionary, using a command typed in your
system’s command area instead of <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> windows might
be more convenient.</p>
</section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title><indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm>importing dictionaries</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>commands<indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm otherprops="">importing dictionaries</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
<p>The following syntax diagram describes how you import a dictionary
from the <tm trademark="Windows" tmowner="Microsoft Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="special">Windows</tm> command area. Note that
lowercase letters in a parameter name are optional and need not be
typed.</p>
<syntaxdiagram>
<groupseq><kwd>OTMBATCH</kwd></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>TAsk</kwd><oper>=</oper><kwd>DICIMP</kwd></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>FIles</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>dict_file</var></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>DIct</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>dict_name</var></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>OPtions</kwd><oper>=</oper>
<groupchoice><kwd importance="default">COMBINE</kwd><kwd>REPLACE</kwd><kwd>IGNORE</kwd></groupchoice></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>PAssword</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>password</var></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>QUIET</kwd></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
</refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title>
<parml>
<plentry><pt>/TAsk=DICIMP</pt>
<pd><codeph>DICIMP</codeph> specifies that you want to import a dictionary.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/FIles=<synph><var>dict_file</var></synph></pt>
<pd>Specifies the name of the SGML file containing the dictionary
that you want to import along with the drive and directory where it
is located.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/DIct=<synph><var>dict_name</var></synph></pt>
<pd>Specifies the name of an existing dictionary to which the dictionary
specified in <codeph>FIles</codeph> is to be imported to. It can be a local
or a shared dictionary.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/OPtions</pt>
<pd>This parameter is particularly useful if the existing dictionary
already contains entries. It specifies the following: 
<ul>
<li>REPLACE  The entries in the SGML (external)
dictionary file replace the entries in the existing (internal) dictionary.</li>
<li>IGNORE  Ignores the entries in the SGML
(external) dictionary.</li>
<li>COMBINE  Combines the entries in the SGML
(external) dictionary file with the entries in the existing (internal)
dictionary. This is the default. That means if nothing is specified,
the system assumes that you want to combine the dictionary entries.</li>
</ul></pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/PAssword</pt>
<pd><codeph>password</codeph> specifies the password of the dictionary
to which the SGML file is to be imported (if this dictionary is write-protected).
If the dictionary is write-protected and no password is entered, processing
stops.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/QUIET</pt>
<pd>If you specify this parameter, you are not prompted with any
message window. If you do not specify this parameter, a message window
pops up whenever an error occurs or when the task has successfully
completed.</pd></plentry>
</parml>
<note>You can type the commands in uppercase, lowercase,
or in mixed-case letters. You may not use any wildcard characters,
such as an asterisk (*). </note>
</section>
<example><title>Examples</title>
<p>The following example shows how to import a dictionary using the
OTMBATCH command.</p><required-cleanup>
<section><title>Example</title>
<codeblock>otmbatch /task=dicimp /files=d:\mymemo.sgm /options=replace /dict=newmemo</codeblock></section></required-cleanup>
<p>In this example, the dictionary file <synph><var>mymemo.sgm</var></synph>, which
is in external (SGML) format, is imported to the existing dictionary <codeph>newmemo</codeph>.
The entries in <codeph>mymemo.sgm</codeph> replace the entries in <synph><var>newmemo</var></synph>. </p>
</example></refbody></reference>