<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00218">
<title>Overview and terminology</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmems"/> are used during <i>translation</i> and <i>analysis</i> of documents. 
<ul>
<li>During translation in the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlenv"/>, <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> displays matching sentences
as <i>translation proposals</i> for the current sentence.
You can then choose the translation proposal that represents the best
translation of the sentence, and copy it into the document you currently
translate. 
<p>The type of match is always evaluated by comparing a
sentence in the source document with source sentences in the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>.</p>
<p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> proposes
both <i>exact</i> matches and <i>fuzzy</i> matches. <indexterm>Translation Memory matches<indexterm>exact</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>matches<indexterm>exact</indexterm></indexterm>Exact matches are found if
two source segments are completely identical. Fuzzy matches are found
if two source segments are almost identical. <indexterm>Translation Memory matches<indexterm>fuzzy</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>matches<indexterm>fuzzy</indexterm></indexterm></p>
<p>All types of fuzzy matches are indicated by a character
enclosed in brackets in front of the proposal. For example, [f]
indicates a fuzzy match.</p>
<p>If two source sentences differ by only
a digit or a number, <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> proposes this as a fuzzy match, with the
number already replaced with the new value. Such a <i>fuzzy
replacement</i> match is indicated by [r]. The various
types of matches are described in detail in <xref href="eqfr5mst-00219.dita#eqfr5mst-00219"/>.</p>
<p>Whenever
you translate a segment, <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> automatically adds your translation
to the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> associated with the current document. The <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> is
therefore being continuously updated—the translation of one
sentence may even be offered as a translation proposal for the next
matching segment.</p></li>
<li>During document analysis, you can choose to have <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> automatically
replace sentences with matches that already exist in the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>.
This substitution occurs only for exact matches.</li>
<li>During document analysis, <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> can also extract segments with
an exact or a fuzzy match from existing <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmems"/> and copy these segments
into a new one. In this way, you can “preload” a document-related <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>.</li>
</ul></p>
<p>When the same original sentence appears in several places in a
document, <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> also allows you to store several different translations
of the sentence. In this way, you can translate a segment in different
ways according to the context.</p>
<p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmems"/> provide an efficient method of translating whenever you
deal with similar or repetitive texts (for example revised editions
of manuals).</p>
<p>During translation, you can select <i>automatic
substitution</i>. This option automatically copies existing translated
segments into the translation document for as long as it finds exact
matches for the current source segments. Automatic copying stops when
no exact match, or more than one exact match, has been found for a
source segment. Now you must continue translating the segment manually.
Afterwards automatic copying can be restarted.</p>
<p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmems"/> can be even combined with one another. Use the <i>merge</i> option to merge the contents of one <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> with
another. </p>
<p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmems"/> can have two formats: 
<ul>
<li>Internal, called <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> format. The internal format is used to
work with <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmems"/> within <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>.</li>
<li>External. The external format is an SGML-based data exchange format
that allows the data within <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmems"/> to be processed outside of <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>.
The data in an external <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> is interspersed between SGML tags
that describe the structure of the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> as a whole and the data
elements of each segment. This format allows you to edit a <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> with
a text editor, for example to change or delete segments in a <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>.</li>
</ul></p>
<p>If you have translated documents that were translated outside <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>,
you can generate an <i>Initial <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> (ITM)</i>,
this means you can fill a <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> with existing translation segments.
When you start the translation of a document that is similar to an
existing one, you can benefit from your previous translations that
are now available in the Initial Translation Memory.</p>
<p>An exported <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> in SGML format is also helpful for reusing
existing translations. If you have previously saved files or databases
in another format, you can access them with <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> by using a program
to convert them to the format of an external <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>.</p>
</body></topic>