<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00261">
<title>Overview and terminology</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>Dictionaries are used during analysis and translation: 
<ul>
<li>During the analysis of a document one or more dictionaries can be searched.
This is useful to find <i>new terms</i> (terms in the document
that are not in the selected dictionaries) or to find <i>found terms</i> (terms in the document that are already in the referenced
dictionaries). The new terms can be added to the dictionary to be used during
translation. The found terms can be used to fill a dictionary with entries
extracted from other dictionaries.</li>
<li>During the translation of a document, the <q>Dictionary</q> window
displays either all translations that are found in the folder dictionaries
for the terms in the current segment or only the first translation found.
This depends on whether you marked the <b>Dictionary terms of
all dictionaries</b> box on the <q>Display</q> page of the <q>Customize Translation
Functions</q> window.</li>
</ul></p>
<p>The <i>properties</i> of a dictionary are its main characteristics
such as the source language, the dictionary structure, information on its
location, and a brief description of its contents. You can specify them in
the <q>Dictionary Properties</q> window.<indexterm>dictionary<indexterm>properties</indexterm></indexterm></p>
<p>Parts of these properties can also be displayed as <i>details</i> (or <i>view details</i>) in the <q>Dictionary
List</q> window. </p>
</body></topic>