<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00365">
<title>Organizing a <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/></title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section/>
<section><title>Purpose</title><indexterm>organizing<indexterm><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmems"/> (from command
area)</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>Translation Memory<indexterm>organizing (from command
area)</indexterm></indexterm>
<p>To organize a <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> it might be more convenient to use a command
instead of <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> windows. It is particularly useful if you want to
regularly organize several or all <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmems"/> overnight.</p>
</section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title><indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm>organizing <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmems"/></indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>commands<indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm otherprops="">organizing Translation Memory databases</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
<p>The following syntax diagram describes how you organize a Translation
Memory with the OTMBATCH command. Note that lowercase letters in a parameter
name are optional and need not be typed.</p>
<syntaxdiagram>
<groupseq><kwd>OTMBATCH</kwd></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>TAsk</kwd><oper>=</oper><kwd>MEMORG</kwd></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>MEm</kwd><oper>=</oper>
<groupchoice>
<groupseq><var>memdb</var></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>(</delim>
<groupseq><repsep>,</repsep><var>memdb</var></groupseq><delim>)</delim></groupseq>
<groupseq><oper>@</oper><var>list_member_name</var></groupseq></groupchoice></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
</refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title>
<parml>
<plentry><pt>/TAsk=MEMORG</pt>
<pd><codeph>MEMORG</codeph> specifies that you want to organize a <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/MEm=<synph><var>memdb</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>memdb</var></synph> specifies the name of the Translation
Memory to be organized.
<p>If you want to specify several <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmems"/>,
enclose the Translation Memory database names in brackets and separate
them by commas.</p>
<p>If you want to specify a list of Translation
Memory database names in a list file, refer to this list file by preceding
the list file name with the <codeph>@</codeph> symbol (<codeph>@</codeph><synph><var>list_member_name</var></synph>).
In the list file enclose the Translation Memory database names in
brackets and separate them by commas.</p></pd></plentry>
</parml>
<note>You can type the commands in uppercase, lowercase,
or in mixed-case letters. You may not use any wildcard characters,
such as an asterisk (*). </note>
</section>
<example><title>Examples</title>
<p>The following example shows how to organize a <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> using the
OTMBATCH command.</p><required-cleanup>
<section><title>Example</title>
<codeblock>otmbatch /task=memorg /mem=sample1</codeblock></section></required-cleanup>
<p>In this example, the Translation Memory <codeph>sample1</codeph> is organized.</p>
</example></refbody></reference>