<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00406">
  <title>Removing inline tagging from an external memory</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section/>
    <section>
      <title>Purpose</title>
      <p>
        <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> enables you to remove inline
        tagging from the segments in an external (= exported memory). For security reasons the
        segments are not updated in the original translation memory, but a new translation memory 
        is created containing the updated segments.</p>
    </section>
    <refsyn>
      <title>Format</title>
      <indexterm>OTMREMOVETAGS</indexterm>
      <indexterm>commands<indexterm>OTMREMOVETAGS</indexterm></indexterm>
      <syntaxdiagram rev="GF_07122015">
        <groupseq>
          <kwd>OTMREMOVETAGS</kwd>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>INMEM</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>inmemdb</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>INTYPE</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>intype</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>OUTMEM</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>outmemdb</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>OUTTYPE</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>outtype</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupchoice>
          <kwd>─</kwd>
          <groupseq>
            <delim>/</delim>
            <kwd>MArkup</kwd>
            <oper>=</oper>
            <var>markup</var>
          </groupseq>
        </groupchoice>
        <groupseq/>
      </syntaxdiagram>
    </refsyn>
    <section>
      <title>Parameters</title>
      <parml>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/INMEM =<i>inmemdb</i></pt>
          <pd><i>/INMEM </i> inmemdb specifies the fully qualified name of the external translation
              memory that you want to use as input translation memory.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/INTYPE=<i>intype</i></pt>
          <pd>intype specifies the format of the input memory and can be ASCII, ANSI, UTF16 or TMX</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/OUTMEM =<i>outmemdb</i></pt>
          <pd>outmemdb is the fully qualified name of a new external translation memory which is to
              receive all segments from the input translation memory with the inline tagging removed.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/OUTTYPE=<i>outtype</i></pt>
          <pd>outtype specifies the format of the output memory and can be ASCII, ANSI, UTF16 or TMX or 
              INTERNAL (to create an internal memory instead of an external)</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry id="newparametervalueforeqfremovetags">
          <pt>/MARKUP=<i>markup</i></pt>
          <pd>markup specifies the markup to use for the recognition of inline tagging. The special
            value <b>RTF</b> can be used to remove pure RTF tagging from the segments, using the
            standard markup table EQFRTF will also remove HTML like tags beside the pure RTF tags.
            If not specified the markup information of the segment itself is used for the inline tag recognition. </pd>
        </plentry>
      </parml>
      <note>You can type the commands in uppercase, lowercase, or in mixed-case letters. You may not
            use any wildcard characters, such as an asterisk (*).</note>
    </section>
    <example>
      <title>Examples</title>
      <p>The following example shows how to use the OTMREMOVETAGS command.</p>
      <p>Enter the OTMREMOVETAGS command as follows:</p>
<!--      <required-cleanup>-->
        <section>
          <title>Example</title>
          <codeblock>otmremovetags /inmem=c:\mymem.tmx /intype=TMX /outmem=c:\mymem-cleaned.exp 
/outtype=UTF16 /markup=EQFRTF</codeblock>
        </section>
<!--      </required-cleanup>-->
      <p>In this example all segments contained in translation memory <q>mymem.tmx</q> are written to the new
        output translation memory <q>mymem-cleaned.exp</q> except for segments having the same source and target string. </p>
    </example>
  </refbody>
</reference>
