<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00247">
  <title>Edit menu</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p>Many of the editor functions are tied to the <q>Translation</q> window only. If a function on
      the <b>Edit</b> menu cannot be performed in the <q>Original</q> window, the function is
      disabled whenever the <q>Original</q> window becomes active. If a keystroke editor function
      does not apply to the active window, the system beeps.</p>
    <table pgwide="0" frame="topbot">
      <tgroup cols="2" colsep="0" rowsep="1">
        <colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*"/>
        <colspec colname="col2" colwidth="2*"/>
        <thead>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top" rowsep="1">Menu or key</entry>
            <entry valign="top" rowsep="1">Function</entry>
          </row>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Find and replace... (Alt+F6)</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Locates a term and replaces it as specified. Works in
                <q>Translation</q> and <q>Original</q> window. Changes in the original text are not
              allowed.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Cut</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Copies a marked text section to the system clipboard and removes
              text afterwards.Works in <q>Translation</q> window only.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Copy</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Copies a marked text section to the system clipboard for later
              pasting.Works in <q>Translation</q> and <q>Original</q> window. Text cannot be pasted
              into <q>Original</q> window though.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Paste</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Inserts text from clipboard into active segment at current cursor
              position.Works in <q>Translation</q> window only.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Undo</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Restores the original state as it was before an action was
              performed.Works in <q>Translation</q> window only.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Unmark block (Alt+m)</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Removes marking from a text section.Works in <q>Translation</q> and
                <q>Original</q> window.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Split line (Alt+s)</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Splits line at current cursor position.Works in <q>Translation</q>
              window only.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Join line (Alt+j)</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Combines current line with following line.Works in
                <q>Translation</q> window only.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Delete</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Lets you choose either of the following options: <dl>
                <dlentry><dt>Current segment (Ctrl+d)</dt>
                  <dd>Removes only the currently active segment from the Translation
                  Memory.</dd></dlentry>
                <dlentry><dt>All segments</dt>
                  <dd>Removes all segments from the Translation Memory (those that were loaded in
                    the editor). Works in <q>Translation</q> and <q>Original</q>
                  window.</dd></dlentry>
              </dl></entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Set m flag</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Lets you choose one of the following options: <dl>
                <dlentry><dt>Delete one m flag</dt>
                  <dd>Deletes the m flag contained in the current segment.</dd></dlentry>
                <dlentry><dt>Delete all m flags</dt>
                  <dd>Deletes all m flags contained in the <keyword
                      conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>.</dd></dlentry>
                <dlentry><dt>Set one m flag</dt>
                  <dd>Displays the m flag for the current segment.</dd></dlentry>
                <dlentry><dt>Set all m flags</dt>
                  <dd>Displays the m flags for all machine translations in the <keyword
                      conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> that are currently loaded
                    into the editor.</dd></dlentry>
              </dl></entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
    <p>The following key combinations let you manipulate text in both the <q>Original</q> and
        <q>Translation</q> windows. Note that the two windows are synchronized with each other. That
      means, whenever you activate a segment in the <q>Translation</q> window, it becomes active in
      the <q>Original</q> window too, and vice versa. The matching segment in the opposite window is
      presented beside the active one at the same level.</p>
    <table pgwide="0" frame="topbot">
      <tgroup cols="2" colsep="0" rowsep="1">
        <colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*"/>
        <colspec colname="col2" colwidth="2*"/>
        <thead>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top" rowsep="1">Keys</entry>
            <entry valign="top" rowsep="1">Function</entry>
          </row>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Ctrl+Shift+Left</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Marks previous word from cursor position to beginning of
              word.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Ctrl+Shift+Right</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Marks next word from cursor position to end of word including the
              blank space.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Ctrl+Insert</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Copies marked block to system clipboard.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Ctrl+Delete</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Deletes all characters from current cursor position to end of line
              in active segment.Works in <q>Translation</q> window only.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Ctrl+Home</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Moves cursor to first segment in window.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Ctrl+End</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Moves cursor to last segment in window.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Ctrl+left</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Moves cursor to beginning of previous word.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Ctrl+right</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Moves cursor to beginning of next word.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Ctrl+Enter</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Activates next segment or segment where cursor is
              positioned.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Ctrl+t</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Toggles between <q>Original</q> window and <q>Translation</q>
              window.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Shift+left</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Extends text marking by one character to the left.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Shift+right</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Extends text marking by one character to the right.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Shift+Up</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Extends text marking to the previous line.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Shift+Down</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Extends text marking to the next line.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Shift+Insert</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Inserts text from clipboard at current cursor position in active
              segment.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Alt+F6</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Locates a term and changes it as specified.Works in
                <q>Translation</q> window and <q>Original</q> window. Changes in the original text
              are not allowed.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Alt+Delete</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Deletes all characters from current cursor position to end of active
              segment. Works in <q>Translation</q> window only.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Alt+j</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Joins current line with following line.Works in <q>Translation</q>
              window only.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Alt+s</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Splits line at current cursor position.Works in <q>Translation</q>
              window only.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Alt+n</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Loads next collection of segments.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Alt+p</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Loads previous collection.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Alt+m</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Removes marking from a text section.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Up</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Moves cursor one line up.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Down</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Moves cursor one line down.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Right</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Moves cursor one character right.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Left</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Moves cursor one character left.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Home</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Moves cursor to beginning of current line.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">End</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Moves cursor to end of current line.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Page Up</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Moves text one page up.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Page Down</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Moves text one page down.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Delete</entry>
            <entry valign="top">If a text section has been marked, the marked text is removed. If no
              text has been marked, the character where the cursor is positioned is removed.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Backspace</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Moves cursor back by one character in the active segment and deletes
              this character.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Insert</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Switches from insert mode to overtype mode and vice versa. When you
              insert text in insert mode, the existing text is moved to the right to make room for
              the new text. If you want to type over the existing text, switch to overtype
              mode.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">F3</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Quits the Translation Memory editor and returns you to the
              workbench.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">F4</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Saves any changes made in the Translation Memory and returns you to
              the <q>Translation Memory Editor</q> window.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Enter</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Moves to next line.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Double-click left mouse button</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Marks entire segment beginning from the cursor position.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Double-click right mouse button</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Removes marking from a segment.</entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
  </body>
</topic>
