<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="exfolclas">
  <title>Exporting a folder</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section/>
    <section>
      <title>Purpose</title>
      <indexterm>folder<indexterm>OTMBATCH: exporting (from command area)</indexterm></indexterm>
      <indexterm>exporting<indexterm>OTMBATCH: folders (from command area)</indexterm></indexterm>
      <p>If you need to set up new folders frequently, using the command area of your operating system instead of 
        <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> windows might be more convenient.</p>
      <p>To work from the command area, use the <b>OTMBATCH</b> command. Its syntax is described in the following chapter. </p>
    </section>
    <refsyn>
      <title>Format</title>
      <indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm>exporting folders</indexterm></indexterm>
      <indexterm>commands<indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm otherprops="">exporting folders</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
      <p>The following syntax diagram describes how you export a folder from the 
        <tm trademark="Windows" tmowner="Microsoft Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="special">Windows</tm> command area. Note that 
        lowercase letters in a parameter name are optional and need not be typed.</p>
      <syntaxdiagram>
        <groupseq>
          <kwd>OTMBATCH</kwd>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>TAsk</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <kwd>FLDEXP</kwd>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>FLD</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>folder</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>FIles</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <groupchoice>
            <groupseq>
              <var>document_name</var>
            </groupseq>
            <groupseq>
              <delim>(</delim>
              <groupseq>
                <repsep>,</repsep>
                <var>document_name</var>
              </groupseq>
              <delim>)</delim>
            </groupseq>
            <groupseq>
              <oper>@</oper>
              <var>list_file_name</var>
            </groupseq>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="required">
          <groupseq>
            <delim>/</delim>
            <kwd>TOdrive</kwd>
            <oper>=</oper>
            <var>drive</var>
          </groupseq>
          <groupchoice importance="optional">
            <groupseq importance="default">
              <delim>/</delim>
              <kwd>ToPath</kwd>
              <oper>=</oper>
              <kwd>\OTM\EXPORT</kwd>
            </groupseq>
            <groupseq>
              <delim>/</delim>
              <kwd>ToPath</kwd>
              <oper>=</oper>
              <var>path</var>
            </groupseq>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>OPtions</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <groupchoice>
            <fragref>option</fragref>
            <groupseq>
              <delim>(</delim>
              <groupseq>
                <repsep>,</repsep>
                <fragref>option</fragref>
              </groupseq>
              <delim>)</delim>
            </groupseq>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>OVerwrite</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <groupchoice>
            <kwd>YES</kwd>
            <kwd importance="default">NO</kwd>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>DEsc</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <groupchoice>
            <groupseq>
              <var>desc</var>
            </groupseq>
            <groupseq>
              <oper>@</oper>
              <var>desc_file_name</var>
            </groupseq>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <groupchoice>
            <groupseq>
              <delim>/</delim>
              <var>QUIET</var>
            </groupseq>
            <groupseq>
              <delim>/</delim>
              <var>QUIET=NOMSG</var>
            </groupseq>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
        <fragment>
          <title>option</title>
          <groupchoice>
            <kwd>DICT</kwd>
            <kwd>MEM</kwd>
            <kwd>ROMEM</kwd>
            <kwd>DOCMEM</kwd>
            <kwd>DELETE</kwd>
            <kwd>XLIFF</kwd>
            <kwd>MASTERFOLDER</kwd>
          </groupchoice>
        </fragment>
      </syntaxdiagram>
    </refsyn>
    <section>
      <title>Parameters</title>
      <parml>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/TAsk=FLDEXP</pt>
          <pd><codeph>FLDEXP</codeph> specifies that you want to export a folder.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/FLD=<synph><var>folder</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>folder</var></synph> specifies the name of the folder that you want to
            export.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/FIles=<synph><var>document_name</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>document_name</var></synph> specifies the name of a document
            to be exported. <p>If you specify several documents, enclose the document names in
              brackets and separate them by commas.</p>
            <p>If you want to specify a list of document names in a list file, refer to this list
              file by preceding the list file name with the <codeph>@</codeph> symbol
                (<codeph>@</codeph><synph><var>list_file_name</var></synph>). In the list file
              enclose the document names in brackets and separate them by commas.</p>
            <p>If you do not specify the <b>FIles</b> option, all documents in the folder are
              exported.</p></pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/TOdrive=<synph><var>drive</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>drive</var></synph> specifies the drive where the folder is to be exported
            to.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/ToPath=<synph><var>path</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>path</var></synph> specifies the path where the folder is to be exported
            to. Start the path value with a backslash \. The default is
            <codeph>\otm\export</codeph>.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/OPtions=</pt>
          <pd>Specifies whether you want to export the folder with its dictionaries
              (<codeph>DICT</codeph>), with its Translation Memory (<codeph>MEM</codeph>), with its
            Translation Memory databases to be searched (<codeph>ROMEM</codeph>), with its 
            <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> and all the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmems"/> 
            defined for its documents (<codeph>DOCMEM</codeph>), or whether you want to delete the folder after it has been
            exported (<codeph>DELETE</codeph>), or wether you want to export the folder as a master
            folder (<codeph>MASTERFOLDER </codeph>) or as a XLIFF translation package
              (<codeph>XLIFF</codeph>). A master folder exported without the
              <codeph>MASTERFOLDER</codeph> option becomes a child folder when it is re-imported. If
            you specify more than one option, you must enclose them in brackets. The
              <codeph>XLIFF</codeph> option cannot be used together with the options
              <codeph>DELETE</codeph> and <codeph>MASTERFOLDER</codeph>.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/OVerwrite=</pt>
          <pd>Specifies whether an existing folder is overwritten when exporting a folder with the same name (<codeph>NO</codeph> is the default).</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/DEsc=<synph><var>desc</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>desc</var></synph> specifies the notethat you want to add to the exported
            folder, or the name of a file containing the note. The text that gives more information
            about the exported folder must be enclosed in quotes. The specified note is displayed
            when the folder is being selected for import. It has nothing to do with the folder
            description which can only be changed using the folder properties window. If you specify
            a file that is containing the text, the name of the file must be preceded by the @
            symbol.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/QUIET</pt>
          <pd>If you specify the parameter in this format, you are not prompted with any message
            window. If you do not specify any of the /quiet paramaters, a message window pops up
            whenever an error occurs or when the task has successfully completed.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/QUIET=NOMSG</pt>
          <pd>If you specify this parameter, you are not prompted with any message window. Any error
            message text is routed to stdout.</pd>
        </plentry>
      </parml>
      <note>You can type the commands in uppercase, lowercase, or in mixed-case letters. You may not
        use any wildcard characters, such as an asterisk (*).</note>
    </section>
    <example>
      <title>Examples</title>
      <p>The following example shows how to export a folder using the OTMBATCH command.</p>
      <required-cleanup>
        <section>
          <title>Example</title>
          <codeblock>OTMBATCH /task=fldexp /fld=pharma /files=(161.scr,1500.scr) /todrive=e /options=(dict,mem) /desc="This is information on the folder"</codeblock>
        </section>
      </required-cleanup>
      <p>In this example, the folder to be exported is called <codeph>pharma</codeph>. It is
        exported to drive E with the documents <codeph>161.scr</codeph> and
          <codeph>1500.scr</codeph>, with its associated dictionary and Translation Memory. The note
          <codeph>This is information on the folder</codeph> is added to the folder. </p>
    </example>
  </refbody>
</reference>
