<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="folder_Overview">
  <title>Overview and terminology</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p>You can send all the documents in a folder to another <keyword
        conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> user.</p>
    <p>Folders that are sent or exported contain a number of documents, associated
        <i>dictionaries</i> and <i><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmems"
      /></i>, and optionally an accompanying note to the recipient.</p>
    <p>To work with a folder that has been exported by another user, you must first <i>import</i> it
      into <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>.</p>
    <p>Exporting folders is also useful to make backup copies of your translation material. </p>
    <p id="cfh"><indexterm>controlled folder
          handling</indexterm><indexterm>folder<indexterm>controlled folder
        handling</indexterm></indexterm>When creating a folder you can select <i>Controlled folder
        handling</i>. Selecting this option means that you are the project coordinator responsible
      for this folder. It enables you to specify, and change at any time, all properties and details
      for the folder, including the translators for the documents to be imported into this folder.
      The originator and translator that you specify for the folder also outline the way the folder
      is taking until it is received by the actual translator, for example, from project coordinator
      to the vendor, to translator A, to translator B who actually translates the folder
      contents.</p>
    <p>The specifications you make with regard to controlled folder handling appear on various
      windows and extend your possibilities concerning a folder and its contents. For example, you
      can export only the documents that are to be translated by a specific translator, a task that
      was not possible before controlled folder handling was introduced.</p>
    <p>Users who are not authorized for controlled folder handling have only restricted rights. </p>
  </body>
</topic>
