<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="folder_Delete">
<title>Deleting a folder</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section/>
<section><title/><indexterm>folder<indexterm>deleting</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>deleting<indexterm>folders</indexterm></indexterm>
<p>When you delete a folder, it is no longer listed in the <q>Folder
List</q> window, and all subfolders and documents in the original
and the translated version are also deleted. You might want to delete
a folder when you completed working on the documents in the folder,
exported it, and no longer require it. Also, if you have backed up
the contents of the folder, you can delete the folder to free disk
space on your workstation for other purposes.</p>
<p>You can also delete a folder during or after export. For more information,
see <xref href="folder_Export.dita#folder_Export"/> and <xref href="folder_DeletedExported.dita#folder_DeletedExported"/>.</p>
</section>
<section><title>Prerequisites</title>
<p>The folder to be deleted must not be open (that is, the <q>Document
List</q> window for the folder must not be displayed).</p>
</section>
<section><title>Calling sequence</title>
<p>Select: 
<ol>
<li>The folder from the <q>Folder List</q> window</li>
<li><b>Delete</b> from the <b>File</b> menu</li>
</ol> </p>
</section>
<section><title>Options and parameters</title>
<p>None.</p>
<p>Before deleting the selected folder, <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> prompts you to confirm
that you want to delete the folder and its contents: 
<ul>
<li>Select <b>Yes</b> to delete the folder.</li>
<li>Select <b>No</b> to leave the folder unchanged.</li>
</ul> </p>
</section>
<section><title>Results</title>
<p>If you select <b>Yes</b>, the folder and the documents
in it are deleted. The disk space it occupied is freed.</p>
<p>Dictionaries, markup tables, and the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmems"/> associated with the
folder or its documents are not deleted.</p>
</section></refbody></reference>