<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="maptablesection">
<title><!--rev=as01042005-->Maptable section</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords>

<indexterm>dictionary<indexterm>maptable section in external dictionary</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>The maptable section determines how a dictionary entry is structured. It
serves as a model for the structure of an entry. The fields you defined in
the maptable section are reflected in the dictionary entries.</p>
<p>The maptable contains the total of all allowed fields (up to a maximum
of 38) in a dictionary entry. If a dictionary entry contains entry field tags
not included in the maptable section, the information between the tags is
not imported during dictionary import and only the entry fields listed in
the maptable are taken into account. The information between a start tag and
its end tag contains the name you want to give the entry field of the dictionary.
You find these names displayed when you look up or edit a term in a dictionary.</p>
<p>For example, if you specify <codeph>&lt;hdterm&gt;</codeph> Source Term <codeph>&lt;/hdterm&gt;</codeph>, the terms you look up in the dictionary are shown under <i>Source Term</i>. If you want to use another name, rename <i>Source Term</i> into any other name you would like to use instead.</p>
<p>The following is an example of a maptable section:</p>
<section><title>Example of a maptable section</title>
<codeblock> &lt;maptable&gt;
  &lt;hdterm&gt;Source term&lt;/hdterm&gt;
   &lt;hom&gt;
    &lt;epos&gt;English category&lt;/epos&gt;
    &lt;sense&gt;
     &lt;edef&gt;Formal English definition&lt;/edef&gt;
     &lt;target&gt;
      &lt;trans&gt;NL term&lt;/trans&gt;
     &lt;/target&gt;
    &lt;/sense&gt;
   &lt;/hom&gt;
 &lt;/maptable&gt;</codeblock></section>
<p>The maptable begins with the start maptable tag <codeph>&lt;maptable&gt;</codeph> and
ends with the end maptable tag <codeph>&lt;/maptable&gt;</codeph>. The <codeph>&lt;hom&gt;</codeph>, <codeph>&lt;sense&gt;</codeph>, and <codeph>&lt;target&gt;</codeph> start tags with
their respective end tags mark the homonym, sense, and target levels.</p>
<p>If you want to use the search criteria described in <xref href="dicsrch.dita#dicsrch"/>,
use the following start and end SGML tags:</p>
<table pgwide="0" frame="topbot">
<tgroup cols="3" colsep="0" rowsep="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*"/>
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*"/>
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="2*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry valign="top" rowsep="1">Searching for …  </entry>
<entry valign="top" rowsep="1">Level </entry>
<entry valign="top" rowsep="1">Tags</entry></row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry valign="top">Headwords</entry>
<entry valign="top">Entry</entry>
<entry valign="top"><codeph>&lt;hdterm&gt;</codeph> and <codeph>&lt;/hdterm&gt;</codeph></entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">Abbreviations</entry>
<entry valign="top">Sense</entry>
<entry valign="top"><codeph>&lt;eabbr&gt;</codeph> and <codeph>&lt;/eabbr&gt;</codeph></entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">Synonyms</entry>
<entry valign="top">Sense</entry>
<entry valign="top"><codeph>&lt;esyn&gt;</codeph> and <codeph>&lt;/esyn&gt;</codeph></entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">Related terms</entry>
<entry valign="top">Sense</entry>
<entry valign="top"><codeph>&lt;erel&gt;</codeph> and <codeph>&lt;/erel&gt;</codeph></entry></row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
<p>If you use the tags listed above, <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> establishes a correct relation
between the entry field name and the term you want to look up in the dictionary.</p>
<p>If you want <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> to add date information automatically to your dictionary
entries, add the Creation Date and Update fields to the maptable.</p>
<p>If you want <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> to show style indicators
in the dictionary lookup window, add the Style and the Trans Style fields
to the maptable.</p>
<p>You can add any number of individually defined entry fields to any level.
The entry field names are numbered and automatically mapped to an entry field
name denoted by you in the maptable. Entry fields you add to the entry, homonym,
or sense level start with the tag <codeph>&lt;euser id=xxx&gt;</codeph> and end with
the tag <codeph>&lt;/euser&gt;</codeph>, where <codeph>xxx</codeph> is the running number.
Entry fields you add to the target level start with <codeph>&lt;tuser id=xxx&gt;</codeph> and end with <codeph>&lt;/tuser&gt;</codeph>.</p>
<p>You can control the display panel (the panel on which a field is displayed
in the "Lookup Entry" window) using the <codeph>displevel=</codeph> attribute. Use <codeph>displevel=1</codeph> for fields to be displayed in panel 1, <codeph>displevel=2</codeph> for fields to be displayed on panel 1 and 2 and <codeph>displevel=3</codeph> for
fields to be displayed on panel 1, panel 2, and panel 3. To omit fields from
the display in the "Lookup Entry" window use <codeph>displevel=0</codeph>. </p>
<p>The size of a dictionary field in the "Edit Entry in Dictionary" window
is controlled using the <codeph>entrytype</codeph> attribute. Specify <codeph>entrytype=1</codeph> for single line fields and <codeph>entrytype=2</codeph> for multi-line fields. </p>
<p>In order to display the contents of a dictionary field as additional dictionary
data in the dictionary proposal area of the TranslationEnvironment specify
the <codeph>autlookup</codeph> attribute for the field.</p>
<section><title>Example of date-information fields and user-defined
fields</title>
<codeblock>&lt;maptable&gt;
 &lt;hdterm&gt;…&lt;/hdterm&gt;
    .
    .
 <b>&lt;ecrdate&gt;Creation date&lt;/ecrdate&gt;</b>
    .
    .
 &lt;hom&gt;
    .
    .
 &lt;sense&gt;
    .
    .
 <b>&lt;euser id=1 displevel=2 entrytype=1 autlookup&gt;Entry code&lt;/euser&gt;</b>
 <b>&lt;elupdate displevel=3 entrytype=1&gt;Last update&lt;/elupdate&gt;</b>
    .
    .
 &lt;target&gt;
 &lt;trans&gt;…&lt;/trans&gt;
 <b>&lt;tcrdate displevel=3 entrytype=1&gt;Translation creation date&lt;/tcrdate&gt;</b>
 <b>&lt;tlupdate displevel=3 entrytype=1&gt;Translation update&lt;/tlupdate&gt;</b>
 <b>&lt;tuser id=2 displevel=3 entrytype=2&gt;Related definition&lt;/tuser&gt;</b>
 &lt;/target&gt;
 &lt;/sense&gt;
 &lt;/hom&gt;
&lt;/maptable&gt;</codeblock></section>
</body></topic>