<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="markupoverview">
<title>Overview and terminology</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>Markup tables can be exchanged with other users or applications. This may
be necessary, when you have changed a markup table for your special translation
needs and another translator may want to share your changes for similar translation
environments.</p>
<p>To give the markup table to someone else you must transfer it out of <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>.
This process is called <i>export</i>. The recipient must <i>import</i> the exported markup table into <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> again.</p>
<p>Markup tables can also be exchanged via exported folders. When you export
a folder with a document using a specific markup table, this markup table
is included in the exported folder and can be loaded implicitly during folder
import in the recipient's system.</p>
<p>Markup tables can be changed. You can choose from two methods:
<ul>
<li><indexterm>markup tables<indexterm>exporting</indexterm><indexterm>importing</indexterm><indexterm>changing properties</indexterm></indexterm>One way is to <i>export</i> it from <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>
and to use an external editor to apply the changes. You need to <i>import</i> the markup table into <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> to use it again, and
you need to be familiar with the SGML-based format of the exported markup
table.</li>
<li>Another way is to <i>change the properties</i> of a markup
table without leaving <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>.</li>
</ul>Each method has its advantages. See <xref href="mrkchg.dita#mrkchg"/> for the details.</p>
<p>You can also create new markup tables, as described in <xref href="mrknew.dita#mrknew"/>. New markup tables also need to be imported into <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>
before they can be used for translations.</p>
</body></topic>