<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="memexcl">
<title>Exporting a Translation Memory</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section/>
<section><title>Purpose</title><indexterm>Translation Memory<indexterm>exporting (from command
area)</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>exporting<indexterm>Translation Memory databases
(from command area)</indexterm></indexterm>
<p>If you want to export a Translation Memory, using a command typed
in your system’s command area instead of <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> windows
might be more convenient.</p>
</section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title><indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm>exporting Translation
Memory databases</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>commands<indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm otherprops="">exporting
Translation Memory databases</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
<p>The following syntax diagram describes how you export a Translation
Memory from the <tm trademark="Windows" tmowner="Microsoft Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="special">Windows</tm> command line. Note that
lowercase letters in a parameter name are optional and need not be
typed.</p>
<syntaxdiagram>
<groupseq><kwd>OTMBATCH</kwd></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>TAsk</kwd><oper>=</oper><kwd>MEMEXP</kwd></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>OUT</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>mem_file</var></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>TYpe</kwd><oper>=</oper><kwd>EXTERNAL</kwd></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>MEm</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>memdb</var></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>OVerwrite</kwd><oper>=</oper>
<groupchoice><kwd importance="default">NO</kwd><kwd>YES</kwd></groupchoice></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>QUIET</kwd></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
</refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title>
<parml>
<plentry><pt>/TAsk=MEMEXP</pt>
<pd><codeph>MEMEXP</codeph> specifies that you want to export a Translation
Memory.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/OUT=<synph><var>mem_file</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>mem_file</var></synph> specifies the name (along with the drive and
directory) of a file where the Translation Memory specified in <synph><var>memdb</var></synph> is
to be exported to. The file must have the extension EXP.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/TYpe=<codeph>EXTERNAL</codeph></pt>
<pd><codeph>EXTERNAL</codeph> specifies that it is an external Translation
Memory that you want to export. This parameter is optional.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/MEm=<synph><var>memdb</var></synph></pt>
<pd><synph><var>memdb</var></synph> specifies the name of the Translation Memory
that you want to export.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/OVerwrite=</pt>
<pd>Specifies whether an existing Translation Memory file is to
be overwritten when exporting the Translation Memory.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/QUIET</pt>
<pd>If you specify this parameter, you are not prompted with any
message window. If you do not specify this parameter, a message window
pops up whenever an error occurs or when the task has successfully
completed.</pd></plentry>
</parml>
<note>You can type the commands in uppercase, lowercase,
or in mixed-case letters. You may not use any wildcard characters,
such as an asterisk (*).</note>
</section>
<example><title>Examples</title>
<p>The following example shows how to export a Translation Memory
using the OTMBATCH command.</p><required-cleanup>
<section><title>Example</title>
<codeblock>otmbatch /task=memexp /out=d:\mymemo.exp /type=external /mem=oldmemo</codeblock></section></required-cleanup>
<p>In this example, the Translation Memory <codeph>oldmemo</codeph> is exported
to the file <codeph>d:\mymemo.exp</codeph>.</p>
</example></refbody></reference>