<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="memory_DetailsView">
<title>Viewing the details of a <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/></title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords>

<indexterm>viewing
the list window details of<indexterm>Translation Memory databases</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>displaying the list window details
of<indexterm>Translation Memory databases</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>changing the
list window details<indexterm>of Translation Memory databases</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>Translation Memory<indexterm>displaying details in list window</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>Translation Memory<indexterm>changing details in list window</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>In the <q><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> List</q> window, you can display additional information
about a <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>. You can define which details you want to be displayed
and in which order.</p>
<p>The <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> details are:</p>
<parml>
<plentry><pt>Name</pt>
<pd>The name of the Translation Memory.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>Description</pt>
<pd>The description of the Translation Memory.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>Size</pt>
<pd>The size of the Translation Memory (number of bytes).</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>Drive</pt>
<pd>The drive on which the Translation Memory resides.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>Owner</pt>
<pd>Shows who created the Translation Memory if it is a shared one.
If it is a local Translation Memory, <codeph>n/a</codeph> is displayed.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>Source Language</pt>
<pd>The language of the source segments.</pd></plentry>
</parml>
<p>You can toggle between two display modes: 
<ul>
<li>Display the Translation Memory names only</li>
<li>Display selected details</li>
</ul></p>
<p>You can change the arrangement of the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> details in the <q>Change
Details</q> window described in <xref href="concept_DetailsViewChange.dita#concept_DetailsViewChange"/>.</p>
</body></topic>