<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="memory_SharedLanDelete">
  <title>Deleting a LAN-based shared Translation Memory</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section/>
    <section>
      <title/>
      <indexterm>deleting<indexterm>shared Translation Memory databases</indexterm></indexterm>
      <p>If you no longer need a LAN-based shared Translation Memory, you can delete it. When you delete a LAN-based shared 
         Translation Memory that is shared by others, the following conditions apply: 
        <ul>
          <li>If you are the owner of the LAN-based shared Translation Memory, you can delete it at any time. Keep in mind that 
              other users in the network can no longer use the deleted LAN-based shared Translation Memory because it has been 
              physically deleted.</li>
          <li>If you did not create the LAN-based shared Translation Memory but just share it, you can delete it at any time. 
              Keep in mind that this will remove the LAN-based shared Translation Memory from <b>your</b> list of Translation 
              Memory databases. The deleted LAN-based shared Translation Memory is no longer available for you. All other users 
              who share it can still continue working with it because it is still available on the shared disk. In case you need 
              to work with the deleted LAN-based shared Translation Memory again, you can access it by connecting it once more.</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Prerequisites</title>
      <p>The LAN-based shared <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> must exist.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Calling sequence</title>
      <p>Select: 
        <ol>
          <li>The LAN-based shared <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> to be deleted</li>
          <li><b>Delete</b> from the <b>File</b> menu</li>
        </ol>
      </p>
      <p>Before <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> deletes the selected file, you are prompted to 
         confirm that you want to delete the file. </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Options and parameters</title>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Yes</dt>
          <dd>The LAN-based shared Translation Memory is deleted.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>No</dt>
          <dd>The LAN-based shared Translation Memory is <b>not</b> deleted.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Results</title>
      <p>If you are the owner of the deleted LAN-based shared Translation Memory, it is deleted physically, the disk space is 
         freed, and it can no longer be used by any other translator in the network.</p>
      <p>If the LAN-based shared Translation Memory was created by someone else and you just shared it, it is removed from the 
         respective list window and you can no longer access it. However, it is still available on the shared disk to be used 
         by other translators.</p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
