<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="memory_ExternalFormat">
<title>Format of an external <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/></title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords>

<indexterm>external
format<indexterm>of Translation Memory databases</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>A <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> in SGML-based format includes, in addition to the original
and translation segments, SGML tags that describe the data structure
of each segment.</p>
<p>You can also use this format to create an external <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> containing
your own translation database data. </p>
<p>An external <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> is an ASCII coded file. It starts with <codeph>&lt;NTMemoryDb&gt;</codeph> and
ends with <codeph>&lt;/NTMemoryDb&gt;</codeph>.</p>
<p>The starting tag is followed by a description of the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>, enclosed
between <codeph>&lt;Description&gt;</codeph> and <codeph>&lt;/Description&gt;</codeph> tags.</p>
<p>The description is followed by the segment pairs. The number of
segment pairs is not limited. The individual segment pairs are tagged
in the following format: </p>
<section><title>Example</title>
<codeblock>&lt;Segment&gt;nnnnnnnnnn<keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/crlf"/>
&lt;Control&gt;<keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/crlf"/>
… <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/crlf"/>
&lt;⁄Control&gt;<keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/crlf"/>
&lt;Source&gt;...&lt;⁄Source&gt;<keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/crlf"/>
&lt;Target&gt;...&lt;⁄Target&gt;<keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/crlf"/>
&lt;⁄Segment&gt;<keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/crlf"/></codeblock></section>
<p>The symbol <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/crlf"/> stands for the combination of the <i>carriage
return</i> and the <i>line feed</i> characters.
This character combination is usually generated when you press Enter
to return you to the beginning of the next line. </p>
<p>The following describes the SGML structure sequentially. 
<ol>
<li>A segment begins with the <codeph>&lt;Segment&gt;</codeph> tag.</li>
<li>The segment identifier <codeph>nnnnnnnnnn</codeph> must immediately
follow the <codeph>&lt;Segment&gt;</codeph> tag and must be 10 characters long.
This identifier must be unique within the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>.</li>
<li><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/crlf"/> must follow the identifier.</li>
<li>The next tag is <codeph>&lt;Control&gt;</codeph>, and is followed by <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/crlf"/>.</li>
<li>The next line is a sequence of numbers representing the <i>segment control information</i>, which is described
in <xref href="memory_ExternalControlInfo.dita#memory_ExternalControlInfo"/>.</li>
<li>The control information must be terminated by the <codeph>&lt;/Control&gt;</codeph> tag
and be followed by <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/crlf"/>.</li>
<li>The next tag is <codeph>&lt;Source&gt;</codeph>, followed by the source
segment. It is ended by <codeph>&lt;/Source&gt;</codeph>, followed by <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/crlf"/>.
If <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/crlf"/> appears in the source segment, it is considered to be part
of the source.</li>
<li>The next tag is <codeph>&lt;Target&gt;</codeph>, followed by the target
segment. It is ended by <codeph>&lt;/Target&gt;</codeph>, followed by a <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/crlf"/>.
If <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/crlf"/> appears in the target segment, it is considered to be part
of the target.</li>
<li>The last tag of a segment is <codeph>&lt;/Segment&gt;</codeph>, followed
by <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/crlf"/>.</li>
</ol></p>
<p><xref href="memory_ExternalFormat2.dita#memory_ExternalFormat2"/> shows a small part of an external <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>. </p>
</body></topic>