<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="memory_Matches">
  <title><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> matches</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p>During translation in the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlenv"/>,
        <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> searches for matching segments,
      this means it checks whether the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>
      contains a previous translation of the current segment.</p>
    <p>The system differentiates mainly between an <i>exact match</i>, which is completely
      identical, and a <i>fuzzy match</i>, which is an almost identical match where the fuzziness
      can have various degrees. <indexterm>Translation Memory matches<indexterm>types
        of</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>matches<indexterm>types of</indexterm></indexterm></p>
    <p>When <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> displays a matching segment
      in the <q>Translation</q> window of the <keyword
        conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlenv"/>, the type of fuzzy match is indicated by
      a preceding flag in brackets, for example [f]. Exact matches do not have such a flag.</p>
    <p>An exact match is found when the <keyword
        conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> contains a segment identical to the
      current segment in the document to be translated and when the segment translation was accepted
      by a human translator during translation. The segments must be identical with respect to text
      and punctuation but their tagging can differ.</p>
    <p>If an identical source segment is placed in the <keyword
        conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> by the EQFITM command or was imported as
      machine-generated translation, it is not regarded as an exact match. It is flagged by a
      preceding [m].</p>
    <p>If you choose a <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>
      previously used for a <tm trademark="BookMaster" tmowner="IBM Corporation" tmtype="reg"
        tmclass="ibm">BookMaster</tm> document, for the translation of machine-readable information,
      all trailing line feeds and blanks are removed when an exact match is found. This ensures that
      the target sentence has as many trailing line feeds as the source segment.</p>
    <p>By default, a fuzzy match is recognized if the two segments overlap more than
      33%. You can customize this threshold for segment lengths, as described in <xref
        href="concept_SystemPreferences.dita#concept_SystemPreferences"/>. <indexterm>fuzzy match overlap
          ratio<indexterm>default</indexterm></indexterm></p>
    <p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> can also show combinations of
      these types of matches. The following table shows the categories of matches and the flagging
      displayed in the <q>Translation Memory</q> window.</p>
    <table pgwide="0" frame="topbot">
      <tgroup cols="2" colsep="0" rowsep="1">
        <colspec colname="col1" colwidth="3*"/>
        <colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*"/>
        <thead>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top" rowsep="1"><indexterm>Translation Memory
                  matches<indexterm>categories</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>matches<indexterm>categories</indexterm></indexterm>Type
              of match</entry>
            <entry valign="top" rowsep="1">Flag</entry>
          </row>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Exact</entry>
            <entry valign="top">(not flagged)</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Matches with minor deviations:</entry>
            <entry valign="top"/>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top"> - Machine</entry>
            <entry valign="top">[m]</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top"> - Replacement</entry>
            <entry valign="top">[r]</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top"> - Machine and replacement</entry>
            <entry valign="top">[mr]</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">Fuzzy matches:</entry>
            <entry valign="top"/>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top"> - Fuzzy</entry>
            <entry valign="top">[f]</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top"> - Fuzzy and replacement</entry>
            <entry valign="top">[rf]</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top"> - Fuzzy and machine</entry>
            <entry valign="top">[mf]</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top"> - Fuzzy, machine, and replacement</entry>
            <entry valign="top">[mrf]</entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
  </body>
</topic>
