<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="memory_SharedWeb">
  <title>Sharing WEB-based Translation Memories</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>sharing<indexterm>Translation Memory databases</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> provides <b>two different solutions</b> to 
       share Translation Memory databases amongst several translators. 
      <ol>
        <li>One solution is based on <b>LAN-technology</b> (see <xref href="memory_SharedLan.dita#memory_SharedLan"/>),</li> 
        <li>and one solution is based on a <b>WEB-Server technology</b>. The following section describes the 
            <b>WEB-server</b> based solution.</li>
      </ol>
    </p>
    <p>Sharing Translation Memory databases with other translators on a <b>WEB-server</b> not only helps to keep the local 
       disk space small, but you can work with a Translation Memory even if other translators are using it at the 
       same time. You may find this especially convenient when you work with other translators on the same project. For example, 
       if you must translate a sentence that a fellow translator has translated only recently for the same project, you can 
       instantly use your colleague&apos;s translation by copying it from the WEB-based shared Translation Memory.
    </p>
    <p>An important component in the WEB-based Shared Translation Memory environment is OpenTM2's WEB-service 
       component named <b>OtmTMService</b>. The <b>OtmTMService</b> is a <b>web service component</b> for sharing translation 
       memory databases. It allows several users to operate on a WEB-based Shared Translation Memory simultaneously, and the 
       changes made by one user are available to others in real time. It also provides batch operation capabilities for big 
       translation memory databases.    
    </p>
    <p><b><u>Important:</u></b> Before the WEB-based Shared Translation Memory environment can be used, it 
      must be installed and configured. In order to <b>install and configure</b> a WEB-based Shared Memory environment, 
      please carefully read <b>all</b> the <b>installation</b>-steps described in the next chapters, especially the chapters 
      <xref href="memory_SharedWebInstall.dita#memory_SharedWebInstall"/> and <xref href="memory_SharedWebInstallSteps.dita#memory_SharedWebInstallSteps"/>. 
      A translation scenario is described in chapter <xref href="memory_SharedWebUsing.dita#memory_SharedWebUsing"/>.
    </p> 
<!--    <p>If you wish to <b>work</b> with a <b>WEB-based</b> shared Translation Memory, you need to meet the following <b>prerequisites</b>: 
      <ol>
        <li><b>Install the WEB-server software on the server.</b> The appropriate WEB-server software must be installed (see
            <xref href="prep_Software.dita#prep_Software"/> for the supported software). </li>
        <li><b>Log on to the WEB-server.</b> From the operating system, you must be logged on to the WEB-server. </li>
        <li><b>Specify a WEB-based shared Translation Memory as a <b>shared</b> Translation Memory.</b> The Translation Memory you 
            want to share must be defined to reside on a shared disk. This can <b>only</b> be done when a new Translation Memory is created. 
            See <xref href="memory_Create.dita#memory_Create"/> for the creation of WEB-based shared Translation Memory databases. 
            Note that it is not possible to redefine a local Translation Memory as a WEB-based shared Translation Memory at a later 
            point in time. It must be done when it is <b>created</b>. If you created the Translation Memory, you can now start working 
            with it. If you want to use a Translation Memory created by someone else, see the next step.</li>
        <li><b>Connect to the WEB-based shared Translation Memory.</b> To use a Translation Memory that is defined as WEB-based shared 
            Translation Memory, but <b>not</b> created by you, you must add it to your Translation Memory List. See 
            <xref href="memory_SharedWeb.dita#memory_SharedWeb"/> to learn how to do this.</li>
      </ol>
    </p>-->
    <p>In case all necessary installations have already been made, you can skip the next chapters, and you can directly proceed with chapter 
      <xref href="memory_SharedWebUsing.dita#memory_SharedWebUsing"/>. The scenario described in this chapter helps
      to understand the WEB-based shared memory concept.
    </p>
  </body>
</topic>
