<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="movemarked">
<title>Moving around marked text</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords>

<indexterm>editor functions<indexterm>working with marked blocks of text</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>copying<indexterm>marked text</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>deleting<indexterm>marked text</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>moving<indexterm>marked
text</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>To copy, move, or delete a section of text within a segment,
the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> editor provides key combinations. Selecting
a section of the text is called <b>marking</b>. You
can mark text across several segments or lines. Marked text is displayed
in reverse image.</p>
<p>To work with a text section: 
<ol>
<li>Mark the text to be copied, moved, or deleted by using the respective
key combination. The <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> editor highlights the area
to show you what you have marked.</li>
<li>Move the cursor to the position where you want to copy or move
the highlighted text.</li>
<li>Use the respective key combination depending on what you want
to do with the marked text (copy, move, or delete).</li>
</ol></p>
<p>To manipulate a block of text, use one of the following key combinations:</p>
<table pgwide="0" frame="topbot">
<tgroup cols="3" colsep="0" rowsep="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*"/>
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*"/>
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="2*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry valign="top" rowsep="1">Task</entry>
<entry valign="top" rowsep="1">Action</entry>
<entry valign="top" rowsep="1">Comment</entry></row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry valign="top">Copy block</entry>
<entry valign="top">To be assigned</entry>
<entry valign="top">Copies a marked text section to the current cursor
position.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">Copy block to clipboard</entry>
<entry valign="top">Ctrl+Insert</entry>
<entry valign="top">Copies a marked text section to the <tm trademark="Windows" tmowner="Microsoft Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="special">Windows</tm> clipboard.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">Copy proposal block to clipboard</entry>
<entry valign="top">Ctrl+letter of proposal</entry>
<entry valign="top"><indexterm>copying<indexterm>Translation Memory proposals</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>Translation Memory<indexterm>copying proposals</indexterm></indexterm>Copies
a marked <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> proposal, or part of it, to the active segment in
the <q>Translation</q> window. Marking is only possible within one
proposal. If you specified line wrapping for this translation, the
copied text is also wrapped.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">Cut block to clipboard</entry>
<entry valign="top">Shift+Delete</entry>
<entry valign="top">Copies a marked text section to the <tm trademark="Windows" tmowner="Microsoft Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="special">Windows</tm> clipboard and then removes the block.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">Delete block</entry>
<entry valign="top">Key or command to be assigned</entry>
<entry valign="top">Removes a marked text section.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">Find block</entry>
<entry valign="top">Cursor menu, "Find block"</entry>
<entry valign="top">Moves cursor to marked text section.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">Mark block</entry>
<entry valign="top">Shift+Cursor, or mouse</entry>
<entry valign="top">Marks a text section.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">Mark word</entry>
<entry valign="top">Key or command to be assigned</entry>
<entry valign="top">Marks the word where the cursor is positioned.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">Move block</entry>
<entry valign="top">Key or command to be assigned</entry>
<entry valign="top">Moves a marked text section to another position.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">Paste block from clipboard</entry>
<entry valign="top">Shift+Insert</entry>
<entry valign="top">Inserts marked text section from clipboard into
text.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">Unmark block</entry>
<entry valign="top">Edit menu, "Unmark block"</entry>
<entry valign="top">Removes marking from text section.</entry></row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
<note><ol>
<li>Only the active segment or, if in postediting mode, translated
segments can be cut to the <tm trademark="Windows" tmowner="Microsoft Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="special">Windows</tm> clipboard.</li>
<li>Marked areas can only be moved within the active segment or, if
in postediting mode, the translated segments.</li>
<li>When copying text, remember that a segment can have a maximum
size of 2 KB.</li></ol>
</note>
</body></topic>