<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="mrkwrk">
<title><!--rev=as15082005-->Working with markup tables</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords>

<indexterm>markup information in a document<indexterm>see markup
table</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> can handle documents that are created by the most popular word-processing
systems and a wide range of other document types.</p>
<p>Documents usually are a mixture of text and layout information, which describes
the formatting of the document. This layout information is called markup data.
It defines, for example, the start of a new page, the start of a paragraph,
or character layout like boldness, italics, or underline.</p>
<p>In most of the word-processing systems that display a text in WYSIWYG mode
(What You See Is What You Get), you usually do not see this markup but only
its effects. Some systems allow you to display and check the markup data,
for example in WordPerfect with the <b>Reveal codes</b> option.</p>
<p>In other systems that generate the formatting printout in a separate step,
you usually edit the markup yourself.</p>
<p>The table that stores the description of the markup data is called <i>markup table</i> in <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>. <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> needs this markup table
to differentiate between the text to be translated and the markup data.</p>
<p>Markup tables are used:
<ul>
<li>During analysis to divide the document into translatable and nontranslatable
parts</li>
<li>During translation to protect the markup information, so that translators
are warned if they try to overtype it</li>
</ul></p>
<p>It is important for you to know which markup table is to be used for which
type of document. You must tell <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> what kind of markup table should be
associated with a folder or a document.</p>
<p>For more information on associating a markup table with a document see
either <xref href="docprp.dita#docprp"/>, or <xref href="docimp.dita#docimp"/>.</p>
<p>For information on associating a folder with a markup table, see <xref href="folnew.dita#folnew"/>, or <xref href="folvpr.dita#folvpr"/>.</p>
<p>The association of a document or folder with a markup table is essential
because the different word processors have different layout descriptions.
All these layout descriptions are understood by <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> and processed in a
general way.</p>
<p>The following table shows the available markup table names and the supported
document types.</p>
<table pgwide="0" frame="topbot">
<tgroup cols="2" colsep="0" rowsep="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="106*"/>
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="391*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry valign="top" rowsep="1"><indexterm>markup
tables<indexterm>delivered with <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/></indexterm></indexterm>Markup table    </entry>
<entry valign="top" rowsep="1">Type of document</entry></row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">EQFALINE</entry>
<entry colname="col2">ANSI files in which everything is translatable.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">EQFAMI</entry>
<entry valign="top">Ami Pro texts (Ami Pro for <tm trademark="Windows" tmowner="Microsoft Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="special">Windows</tm>, Version 2.0).</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">EQFAMRI</entry>
<entry valign="top">ANSI files in which translatable text is enclosed in double
quotes.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">EQFANSI</entry>
<entry valign="top">ANSI documents. This markup table is combined with a user
exit.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">EQFAQUOT</entry>
<entry colname="col2">ANSI files in which translatable text is enclosed in
single quotes.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">EQFASCII</entry>
<entry valign="top">ASCII files in which everything is translatable.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">EQFASM</entry>
<entry valign="top">Assembler documents.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">EQFBOOK</entry>
<entry valign="top"><tm trademark="BookMaster" tmowner="IBM Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="ibm">BookMaster</tm> and Information Presentation Facility (IPF)
texts.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">EQFFRBLD</entry>
<entry valign="top">FrameBuilder files (Version 5.5).</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">EQFHTML2</entry>
<entry valign="top">HTML texts (level 2.0).</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">EQFHTML4</entry>
<entry valign="top">HTML texts (level 4.0). This markup table is combined
with a user exit.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">EQFINT2</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Interleaf files.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">EQFLINE</entry>
<entry colname="col2">ASCII files in which everything is translatable.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">EQFMRI</entry>
<entry valign="top">ASCII files in which translatable text is enclosed in
double quotes.</entry></row>
<row
<entry colname="col1">EQFMSWRD</entry>
<entry colname="col2"><tm trademark="Microsoft" tmowner="Microsoft Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="special">Microsoft</tm> Word for <tm trademark="Windows" tmowner="Microsoft Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="special">Windows</tm> documents.</entry></row>
<row
<entry colname="col1">EQFPPT</entry>
<entry colname="col2"><tm trademark="Microsoft" tmowner="Microsoft Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="special">Microsoft</tm> <tm trademark="PowerPoint" tmowner="Microsoft Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="other">PowerPoint</tm> documents.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">EQFQUOTE</entry>
<entry colname="col2">ASCII files in which translatable text is enclosed in
single quotes.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">EQFRTF</entry>
<entry valign="top">Rich Text Format (RTF) files coming from Word for <tm trademark="Windows" tmowner="Microsoft Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="special">Windows</tm>, Ami Pro, or other word processors. </entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">EQFSGML</entry>
<entry colname="col2">SGML documents that were designed for processing by <tm trademark="Lotus" tmowner="Lotus Development Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="ibmsub">Lotus</tm> <tm trademark="Notes" tmowner="Lotus Development Corporation" tmtype="tm" tmclass="ibmsub">Notes</tm>. Also applies to help texts for programs running
under <tm trademark="Windows" tmowner="Microsoft Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="special">Windows</tm> that can be saved as RTF documents.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">EQFWP</entry>
<entry valign="top">WordPerfect texts (Version 5.0).</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">EQFWP6</entry>
<entry valign="top">WordPerfect texts (Version 6.0 and 6.1).</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">EQFUTF8</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unicode document in UTF-8 encoding</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">LOTUSAMI</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Ami Pro documents designed for processing by <tm trademark="Lotus" tmowner="Lotus Development Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="ibmsub">Lotus</tm> <tm trademark="Notes" tmowner="Lotus Development Corporation" tmtype="tm" tmclass="ibmsub">Notes</tm>.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">LOTUSNGD</entry>
<entry colname="col2"><tm trademark="Lotus" tmowner="Lotus Development Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="ibmsub">Lotus</tm> <tm trademark="Notes" tmowner="Lotus Development Corporation" tmtype="tm" tmclass="ibmsub">Notes</tm> documents.</entry></row>
<row
<entry colname="col1">UNICODE</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Unicode documents in UTF-16 encoding.</entry></row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
<p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> allows you to add more formats. For detailed information on creating
external markup tables see <xref href="mrknew.dita#mrknew"/>, and <xref href="extmrk.dita#extmrk"/>.</p>
<p>For information on how to use the markup tables and how to prepare the
different document types for translation, see <xref href="docdea.dita#docdea"/>. </p>
</body></topic>