<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="mut_Change">
  <title>Changing a markup table</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>markup tables<indexterm>changing</indexterm></indexterm>
        <indexterm>editing<indexterm>markup tables</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p>A markup table can be changed by using two different methods: 
      <ul>
        <li>You can export an existing markup table from the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> internal format to 
          an SGML-based external format, which can be edited with any text editor. The contents of an exported markup table are described 
          in terms of SGML statements, so you need to be familiar with SGML. After changes are made you need to import the markup table 
          into <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> before you can use it again. Follow these steps if you choose 
          this method: 
          <ul>
            <li>Export an existing markup table from <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>, as described in 
              <xref href="mut_Export.dita#mut_Export"/>. This ensures that you start with a markup table that has the correct SGML syntax.</li>
            <li>Make a backup copy. The original markup tables provided by <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> 
              cannot be reinstalled.</li>
            <li>Change and replace the markup data in the exported file as required, as described in the OpenTM2 Technical Reference.
              <!--<xref href="eqfr5mst-00521.dita#eqfr5mst-00521"/>-->
              </li>
            <li>Before importing the external markup table, consider to rename the file to protect the original markup table until you are finished.</li>
            <li>Import the external markup table, as described in <xref href="mut_Import.dita#mut_Import"/>. 
              <p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> performs a syntax check during the import. It does not import 
                an incorrect markup table, so you need to correct it in its external format.</p>
              <p>Note that an external markup table can be imported either under the old name or a new name.</p></li>
          </ul>
          <p>The disadvantages of this method are that you need to export and import the markup table and that you need to know SGML. 
            Further, no syntax checking is provided (other than <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> refusing to 
            import an improperly coded markup table).</p>
          <p>The advantage is that extensive changes are faster. You can also use tools of choice to automate changes to markup tables, for 
            example word processing macros.</p>
          <p>For more detailed information see the OpenTM2 Technical Reference.
          <!-- <xref href="eqfr5mst-00520.dita#eqfr5mst-00520"/>-->
          </p></li>
        <li>Within <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>, you can use the <q>Markup Table Properties</q> window to 
          change, add, and remove properties of a markup table. The properties comprise all aspects of the content of a markup table. 
          In addition, you can test your modifications immediately, and you can password-protect a markup table.
            <p>The advantages of this method are that you do not need to leave <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> 
              to change a markup table and that less knowledge about SGML is required.</p>
          <p>On the other hand, the graphical user interface might not be appropriate for extensive changes.</p>
          <p>To actually change a markup table by means of the <q>Markup Table Properties</q> window, 
            see <xref href="mut_PropertiesChange.dita#mut_PropertiesChange"/>.</p></li>
      </ul>
    </p>
    <p>Before you change a markup table provided by <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>, it is recommended to make a 
      backup copy of the original version because the original markup tables cannot be reinstalled. </p>
  </body>
</topic>
