<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="otmbatch_FolderChange">
  <title>Changing the properties of a folder</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section/>
    <section>
      <title>Purpose</title>
      <indexterm>creating<indexterm>OTMBATCH: reports (from command area)</indexterm></indexterm>
      <p>If you need to change the properties of a folder frequently, it may be more convenient not to use the 
         <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> GUI, but a DOS line command utility.</p>
      <p>To work from the DOS line command area, use the <b>OTMBATCH</b> command. The syntax is described in the following chapter.</p>
    </section>
    <refsyn>
      <title>Format</title>
      <indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm>creating reports</indexterm></indexterm>
      <indexterm>commands<indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm otherprops="">changing folder properties</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
      <p>The following syntax diagram describes how to change the folder properties from the DOS
        command line. Note that lowercase letters in a parameter name are optional and need not be typed.</p>
      <syntaxdiagram>
        <groupseq>
          <kwd>OTMBATCH</kwd>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>TAsk</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <kwd>FLDPROP</kwd>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>FLD</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <kwd>folder</kwd>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>MEm</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>memory</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>DEsc</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>description</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>TGtlng</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>targetlanguage</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>DIct</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <groupchoice>
            <var>dict</var>
            <var>(-dict-)</var>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>ROMEM</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <groupchoice>
            <var>readonlymem</var>
            <var>(-readonlymem-)</var>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>PRofile</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>profile</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>SHipment</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>shipnum</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <groupchoice>
            <var>/QUIET</var>
            <var>/QUIET=NOMSG</var>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
      </syntaxdiagram>
    </refsyn>
    <section>
      <title>Parameters</title>
      <parml>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/TAsk=FLDPROP</pt>
          <pd><synph><var>FLDPROP</var></synph>specifies that you want to change the folder
            properties.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/FLD=<synph><var>folder</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>folder</var></synph> specifies the name of the folder.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/MEm=<synph><var>memory</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>memory</var></synph> specifies the name of an existing translation memory
            that is to used as folder memory. </pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/DEsc=<synph><var>desc</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>desc</var></synph> specifies the new <b>description</b> for the
            folder</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/TGtlng=<synph><var>targetlanguage</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var> target</var></synph> is the new <b>target</b> language of the
            documents stored in the folder. </pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/DIct=<synph><var>dict</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>dict</var></synph> specifies the name of a dictionary to be associated
            with the folder. If you specify several dictionaries, enclose the dictionary names in
            brackets and separate them by commas.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/ROmem=<synph><var>readonlymem</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>target</var></synph> is the new read-only translation memory to be
            associated with the folder. If you specify several translation memory databases, enclose
            the names in brackets and separate them by commas. In order to clear the list of
            read-only memories, specify an empty list: (/ROMEM=())</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/PRofile=<synph><var>profile</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>profile</var></synph> specifies the name of a profile to be associated
            with the folder.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/SHipment=<synph><var>shipnum</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>shipnum</var></synph> specifies the numeric value of a hipment number from
            1 to <q>n</q> (where <q>n</q> is e.g. <q>10</q>). <note>The shipment number can only be
              set in a <q>Controlled Folder</q>.</note>
          </pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/QUIET</pt>
          <pd>If you specify the parameter in this format, you are not prompted with any message
            window. If you do not specify any of the /quiet paramaters, a message window pops up
            whenever an error occurs or when the task has successfully completed. </pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/QUIET=NOMSG</pt>
          <pd>If you specify this parameter, you are not prompted with any message window. Any error
            message text is routed to stdout. <note>You can type the commands in uppercase,
              lowercase, or in mixed-case letters. You may not use any wildcard characters, such as
              an asterisk (*).</note></pd>
        </plentry>
      </parml>
    </section>
    <example>
      <title>Examples</title>
      <p>The following example shows how to change the properties of a folder using the OTMBATCH
        command.</p>
<!--  <section>
        <title>Example</title>
        <codeblock>OTMBATCH /task=fldprop /name=proj1 /desc="My new description"</codeblock>
      </section> -->
      <p><codeblock>OTMBATCH /task=fldprop /name=proj1 /desc="My new description"</codeblock></p>
      <p>In this example, the description of the folder called <q>proj1</q> is changed to <q>My new
         description</q>. All other properties of the folder are not changed.</p>
    </example>
  </refbody>
</reference>
