<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="otmbatch_DocumentExportVal">
  <title>Exporting documents in Validation Format</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section/>
    <section>
      <title>Purpose</title>
      <indexterm>document<indexterm>OTMBATCH: exporting in Validation Format(from command area)</indexterm></indexterm>
      <indexterm>exporting<indexterm>OTMBATCH: documents in Validation Format (from command area)</indexterm></indexterm>
      <p>If many documents need to be exported from <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>, 
        using the DOS command area of your operating system might be more convenient instead of using the 
        <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> GUI.</p>
      <p>Before exporting, ensure that: 
        <ul>
          <li>The <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> folder exists which 
            contains the document(s) to be exported.</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
      <p>The folder-properties or the document-properties give information regarding the used markup
        table and other document-related information necessary when exporting the respective documents.</p>
      <p>To work from the DOS command area, use the <b>OTMBATCH</b> command. Its syntax is described in
        the following chapter.</p>
    </section>
    <refsyn>
      <title>Format</title>
      <indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm>exporting documents in Validation Format</indexterm></indexterm>
      <indexterm>commands<indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm otherprops="">exporting
          documents in Validation Format</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
      <p>The following syntax diagrams describe how to export a document from the
        <tm trademark="Windows" tmowner="Microsoft Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="special">Windows</tm> 
        command area. Note that lowercase letters in a parameter name are optional and need not be typed.</p>
      <!-- =================================================================================================== -->
      <syntaxdiagram>
        <groupseq importance="required">
          <kwd>OTMBATCH</kwd>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="required">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>TAsk</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <kwd>DOCEXPVAL</kwd>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="required">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>FLD</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>folder</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>STartpath</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>startpath</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="required">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>FIles</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <groupchoice>
            <groupseq>
              <var>file_name</var>
            </groupseq>
            <groupseq>
              <delim>(</delim>
              <groupseq>
                <repsep>,</repsep>
                <var>file_name</var>
              </groupseq>
              <delim>)</delim>
            </groupseq>
            <groupseq>
              <oper>@</oper>
              <var>list_file_name</var>
            </groupseq>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>TYpe</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <groupchoice>
            <kwd>PROOFREAD</kwd>
            <kwd importance="default">VALIDATION</kwd>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>FOrmat</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <groupchoice>
            <kwd>DOC</kwd>
            <kwd>DOCX</kwd>
            <kwd importance="default">HTML</kwd>
            <kwd>ODT</kwd>
            <kwd>XML</kwd>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>OPtion</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <groupchoice>
            <kwd>COMBINE</kwd>
            <kwd>EXACTMATCH</kwd>
            <kwd>INCCOUNT</kwd>
            <kwd>INCMATCH</kwd>
            <kwd>MISMATCHES</kwd>
            <kwd>OVERWRITE</kwd>
            <kwd>PRESERVELINKS</kwd>
            <kwd>REMOVEINLINE</kwd>
            <kwd>TRANSTEXT</kwd>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>MAtch</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <groupchoice>
            <kwd>AUTOSUBST</kwd>
            <kwd>EXACT</kwd>
            <kwd>FUZZY</kwd>
            <kwd>GLOBAL</kwd>
            <kwd>MACHINE</kwd>
            <kwd>MODAUTOSUBST</kwd>
            <kwd>MODEXACT</kwd>
            <kwd>NEW</kwd>
            <kwd>NOTRANS</kwd>
            <kwd>PROTECTED</kwd>
            <kwd>REPLACE</kwd>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>TRanslator</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>translator's_name</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>PM</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>project_manager's_name</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>OVerwrite</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <groupchoice>
            <kwd importance="default">NO</kwd>
            <kwd>YES</kwd>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <groupchoice>
            <groupseq><delim>/</delim><var>QUIET</var></groupseq>
            <groupseq><delim>/</delim><var>QUIET=NOMSG</var></groupseq>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
      </syntaxdiagram>
      <!-- =================================================================================================== -->
    </refsyn>
    <section>
      <title>Parameters</title>
      <parml>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/TAsk=DOCEXPVAL</pt>
          <pd><codeph>DOCEXPVAL</codeph> specifies that you want to export a document in the Validation Format.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/FLD=<synph><var>folder</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>folder</var></synph> specifies the name of the folder containing the
            documents that you want to export.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/STartpath=<synph><var>startpath</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>startpath</var></synph> specifies the drive, directory, or both where the
            file exported is to be placed. The path information specified becomes part of, that is
            it prefixes, the name of the document. The directory specified must already exist. <p>If
              you omit this parameter, the document is placed in the drive and directory specified
              in <synph><var>file_name</var></synph>. However, this drive and directory does not
              become part of the document name.</p></pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/FIles=<synph><var>file_name</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>file_name</var></synph> specifies the name of the document you want to
            export. The <synph><var>file_name</var></synph> specification can include the drive and
            directory where the file exported is to be placed. The subdirectory specified here must
            already exist. <p>You can use the wildcard characters '*' and '?' in the name part of
              the parameter to export all documents matching the given name pattern (e.g.
              "C:\DOCEXP\*.DOC" to export all documents with a file name extension of ".DOC" to the
              directory "C:\DOCEXP").</p>
            <p>If you specify several documents, enclose the document names in brackets and separate
              them by commas.</p>
            <p>If you want to specify a list of document names in a list file, refer to this list
              file by preceding the list file name with the <codeph>@</codeph> symbol
                (<codeph>@</codeph><synph><var>list_file_name</var></synph>). In the list file
              enclose the document names in brackets and separate them by commas.</p></pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/TYpe=</pt>
          <pd>Specifies whether you want to export the document in format dedicated for validation activities
             where only the translated text may be corrected (VALIDATION), or in a format
             dedicated for proofreading activities where segments may be selected by
             one or more match types (PROOFREAD).</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/FOrmat=</pt>
          <pd>Specifies the output file format for the created validation document.  The value
             must be one of these values:
             HTML (HTML), XML (XML), Microsoft Word DOC (DOC), Microsoft Word DOCX (DOCX) or
             Open Office (ODT).</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/OPtions=</pt>
          <pd>Specifies whether you want to 
            combine all of the exported documents (if more than one) into a single output document (COMBINE),
            preserve HTML link and image tags as active tags (PRESERVELINKS),
            remove all inline items from the translatable text (REMOVEINLINE),
            include the source word count for each segment (INCCOUNT),
            include whether translation memory entries existed when each segment was translated (INCMATCH),
            include only segments where available translation memory entries were not used (MISMATCHES),
            identify when exact translation memory matches which result from formerly manually translated segments (EXACTMATCH),
            list only the translated text in plain text (TRANSTEXT),
            replace an existing output validation document (OVERWRITE).
            If you specify more than one option, you must enclose them in
            brackets and separate the individual options using a comma.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/MAtch=</pt>
          <pd>Specifies the type of segments to be included:
            segments which were auto-substituted memory matches (AUTOSUBST),
            segments which were exact memory matches (EXACT),
            segments which were fuzzy memory matches (FUZZY),
            segments which were global memory matches (GLOBAL),
            segments which were machine translation matches (MACHINE),
            segments which were auto-substituted memory matches (MODAUTOSUBST),
            segments which were exact memory matches, but were then modified (MODEXACT),
            segments which were new translations (NEW),
            segments which were not translated (NOTTRANS),
            segments which were protected and were not translatable (PROTECTED),
            segments which were replace matches (REPLACE).
            If you specify more than one option, you must enclose
            them in brackets and separate the individual options using a comma. </pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/TRanslator=<synph><var>folder</var></synph></pt>
          <pd>Specifies the name of the translator who translated this content.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/PM=<synph><var>folder</var></synph></pt>
          <pd>Specifies the name of the project manager responsible for this project.</pd>
        </plentry>


        <plentry>
          <pt>/OVerwrite=</pt>
          <pd>Specifies whether an existing document is overwritten when exporting a document with
            the same name (<codeph>NO</codeph> is the default).</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/QUIET</pt>
          <pd>If you specify the parameter in this format, you are not prompted with any message
            window. If you do not specify any of the /quiet paramaters, a message window pops up
            whenever an error occurs or when the task has successfully completed.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/QUIET=NOMSG</pt>
          <pd>If you specify this parameter, you are not prompted with any message window. Any error
            message text is routed to stdout.</pd>
        </plentry>
      </parml>
      <note>You can type the commands in uppercase, lowercase, or in mixed-case letters.</note>
    </section>
    <example>
      <title>Examples</title>
      <p>The following example shows how to export a document using the OTMBATCH command with the
        TASK option.</p>

      <p> <codeblock>OTMBATCH /task=docexpval /fld=pharma /files=c:\med.txt /type=PROOFREAD
       /format=DOCX /option=(INCCOUNT, PRESERVELINKS) /overwrite=yes</codeblock></p>

      <p>In this example, the document to be exported is called <codeph>med.txt</codeph>. It is
        contained in folder <codeph>pharma</codeph>. The Microsoft Word DOCX validation document <codeph>med.txt</codeph> is
        exported to the root directory of drive C. If <codeph>med.txt</codeph> already exists, it is
        overwritten.  Word count information is included and links are preserved.</p>


      <p>The following example shows how to export all documents of the folder as validation format
        documents in HTML format and to combine them into a single document. </p>

      <p><codeblock>OTMBATCH /task=docexpval /fld=pharma /files=c:\valdoc\*.* /type=PROOFREAD
         /format=HTML /option=COMBINE /overwrite=yes</codeblock></p>
      <p>In this example, all documents of the folder <codeph>pharma</codeph> are exported in
        validation format and are combined into one HTML document. The combined document is stored
        in the directory <codeph>C:\valdoc\</codeph> and has a name of <codeph>pharma.html</codeph>
        (When several documents are combined ino one validation document the name of the folder is
        used for the combined document).</p>
    </example>
  </refbody>
</reference>
