<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="otmbatch_Count">
  <title>Counting words</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section/>
    <section>
      <title>Purpose</title>
      <indexterm>counting<indexterm>OTMBATCH: words (from command area)</indexterm></indexterm>
      <p>Translators are usually paid for translated words or lines. To prepare the payment it is
        necessary to count the words that have been translated for a specific project. Also, to plan
        for a translation project it is necessary to know how many words will have to be
        translated.</p>
      <p>Instead of using <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> windows to
        count words in a document, using a command might be more convenient.</p>
    </section>
    <refsyn>
      <title>Format</title>
      <indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm>counting words</indexterm></indexterm>
      <indexterm>commands<indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm otherprops="">counting
          words</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
      <p>The following syntax diagram describes how you start to count words from the <tm
          trademark="Windows" tmowner="Microsoft Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="special"
          >Windows</tm> command area. Note that lowercase letters in a parameter name are optional
        and need not be typed.</p>
      <syntaxdiagram>
        <groupseq>
          <kwd>OTMBATCH</kwd>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>TAsk</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <kwd>WORDCNT</kwd>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>FLD</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>folder</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>FIles</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <groupchoice>
            <groupseq>
              <var>document_name</var>
            </groupseq>
            <groupseq>
              <delim>(</delim>
              <groupseq>
                <var>document_name</var>
              </groupseq>
              <delim>)</delim>
            </groupseq>
            <groupseq>
              <oper>@</oper>
              <var>list_file_name</var>
            </groupseq>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>OUT</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>cnt_name</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>OVerwrite</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <groupchoice>
            <kwd importance="default">NO</kwd>
            <kwd>YES</kwd>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>OPtions</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <groupchoice>
            <kwd importance="default">SOURCE</kwd>
            <kwd>TMMATCH</kwd>
            <kwd>TMMATCH, SEPREPLMATCH)</kwd>
            <kwd>TARGET</kwd>
            <kwd>DUPLICATE</kwd>
            <kwd>DUPMEMMATCH</kwd>
            <kwd>FUZZYMATCH</kwd>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>FOrmat</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <groupchoice>
            <kwd>ASCII</kwd>
            <kwd>HTML</kwd>
            <kwd>XML</kwd>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <groupchoice>
            <groupseq>
              <delim>/</delim>
              <var>QUIET</var>
            </groupseq>
            <groupseq>
              <delim>/</delim>
              <var>QUIET=NOMSG</var>
            </groupseq>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
      </syntaxdiagram>
    </refsyn>
    <section>
      <title>Parameters</title>
      <parml>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/TAsk=WORDCNT</pt>
          <pd><codeph>WORDCNT</codeph> specifies that you want to count words in a document.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/FLD=<synph><var>folder</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>folder</var></synph> specifies the name of the folder that contains the
            document of which you want to count words.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/FIles=<synph><var>document_name</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>document_name</var></synph> specifies the name of the document
            of which you want to count words. <p>If you specify several documents, enclose the
              document names in brackets and separate them by commas.</p>
            <p>If you want to specify a list of document names in a list file, refer to this list
              file by preceding the list file name with the <codeph>@</codeph> symbol
                (<codeph>@</codeph><synph><var>list_file_name</var></synph>). In the list file
              enclose the document names in brackets and separate them by commas.</p>
            <p>If you do not specify the <b>FIles</b> option, the words of all documents in the
              folder are counted.</p></pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/OUT=<synph><var>cnt_name</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>cnt_name</var></synph> specifies the name of the file where the count
            result is to be stored (along with the drive and directory information).</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/OVerwrite=</pt>
          <pd>Specifies whether the file specified in <codeph>cnt_name</codeph> is to be overwritten
            if it already exists (<codeph>NO</codeph> is the default).</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/OPtions=<synph><var>option</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>option</var></synph> specifies whether you want to count the
            words <ul>
              <li>in the translated document (<codeph>TARGET</codeph>)</li>
              <li>or in the original document (<codeph>SOURCE</codeph>)</li>
              <li>or the duplicate words (<codeph>DUPLICATE</codeph>)</li>
              <li>or duplicate words with added memory match information
                  (<codeph>DUPMEMMATCH</codeph>)</li>
              <li>or fuzzy matches per class (<codeph>FUZZYMATCH</codeph>)</li>
              <li>or whether you want to count the number and type of matches found in the <keyword
                  conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>
                (<codeph>TMMATCH</codeph>)</li>
              <li>or use <codeph>TMMATCH</codeph> together with <codeph>SEPREPLMATCH</codeph> to
                count replaced matches separately. <codeph>SOURCE</codeph> is the default.</li>
            </ul></pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/FOrmat=<synph><var>format</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>format</var></synph> specifies the output format for the
            word count results an can be ASCII (= plain text), HTML, or XML</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/QUIET</pt>
          <pd>If you specify the parameter in this format, you are not prompted with any message
            window. If you do not specify any of the /quiet paramaters, a message window pops up
            whenever an error occurs or when the task has successfully completed.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/QUIET=NOMSG</pt>
          <pd>If you specify this parameter, you are not prompted with any message window. Any error
            message text is routed to stdout.</pd>
        </plentry>
      </parml>
      <note>You can type the commands in uppercase, lowercase, or in mixed-case letters. You may not
        use any wildcard characters, such as an asterisk (*). </note>
    </section>
    <example>
      <title>Examples</title>
      <p>The following example shows how to count words using the OTMBATCH command.</p>
<!--    <section>
          <title>Example</title>
          <codeblock>OTMBATCH /task=wordcnt /fld=newfld /files=161.scr /options=target
         /out=e:\161.cnt</codeblock>
        </section> -->
      <p> <codeblock>OTMBATCH /task=wordcnt /fld=newfld /files=161.scr /options=target
         /out=e:\161.cnt</codeblock></p>
      <p>All words in the translated document <codeph>161.scr</codeph>, which is contained in folder
         <codeph>newfld</codeph>, are counted and the result is stored in the file <codeph>161.cnt</codeph> on drive E.</p>
    </example>
  </refbody>
</reference>
