<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="otmbatch_MemoryExport">
  <title>Exporting a Translation Memory</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section/>
    <section>
      <title>Purpose</title>
      <indexterm>Translation Memory<indexterm>OTMBATCH: exporting (from command
        area)</indexterm></indexterm>
      <indexterm>exporting<indexterm>OTMBATCH: Translation Memory databases (from command
          area)</indexterm></indexterm>
      <p>If you want to export a Translation Memory, using a command typed in your system’s command
        area instead of <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> windows might be
        more convenient.</p>
    </section>
    <refsyn>
      <title>Format</title>
      <indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm>exporting Translation Memory databases</indexterm></indexterm>
      <indexterm>commands<indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm otherprops="">exporting Translation Memory
            databases</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
      <p>The following syntax diagram describes how you export a Translation Memory from the <tm
          trademark="Windows" tmowner="Microsoft Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="special"
          >Windows</tm> command line. Note that lowercase letters in a parameter name are optional
        and need not be typed.</p>
      <syntaxdiagram>
        <groupseq>
          <kwd>OTMBATCH</kwd>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>TAsk</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <kwd>MEMEXP</kwd>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>OUT</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>mem_file</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>TYpe</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <groupchoice>
            <groupseq>
              <var>ASCII</var>
            </groupseq>
            <groupseq>
              <var>ANSI</var>
            </groupseq>
            <groupseq>
              <var>UTF16</var>
            </groupseq>
            <groupseq>
              <var>TMXUTF8</var>
            </groupseq>
            <groupseq>
              <var>TMXUTF16</var>
            </groupseq>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>MEm</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>memdb</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>OVerwrite</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <groupchoice>
            <kwd importance="default">NO</kwd>
            <kwd>YES</kwd>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <groupchoice>
            <groupseq>
              <delim>/</delim>
              <var>QUIET</var>
            </groupseq>
            <groupseq>
              <delim>/</delim>
              <var>QUIET=NOMSG</var>
            </groupseq>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
      </syntaxdiagram>
    </refsyn>
    <section>
      <title>Parameters</title>
      <parml>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/TAsk=MEMEXP</pt>
          <pd><codeph>MEMEXP</codeph> specifies that you want to export a Translation Memory.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/OUT=<synph><var>mem_file</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>mem_file</var></synph> specifies the name (along with the drive and
            directory) of a file where the Translation Memory specified in
              <synph><var>memdb</var></synph> is to be exported to. The file must have the extension
            EXP.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/TYpe=</pt>
          <pd>
            <ul>
              <li><codeph>ASCII</codeph> specifies that the encoding of the exported memory should
                be in ASCII and the format is SGML (EXP).</li>
              <li><codeph>ANSI</codeph> specifies that the encoding of the exported memory should be
                in ANSI and the format is SGML (EXP). </li>
              <li><codeph>UTF16</codeph> specifies that the encoding of the exported memory should
                be in Unicode (UTF-16) and the format is SGML (EXP).</li>
              <li><codeph>TMXUTF8</codeph> specifies that the encoding of the exported memory should
                be in UTF-8 and the format is TMX. </li>
              <li><codeph>TMXUTF16</codeph> specifies that the encoding of the exported memory
                should be in UTF-16 and the format is TMX.</li>
            </ul>
          </pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/MEm=<synph><var>memdb</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>memdb</var></synph> specifies the name of the Translation Memory that you
            want to export.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/OVerwrite=</pt>
          <pd>Specifies whether an existing Translation Memory file is to be overwritten when
            exporting the Translation Memory.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/QUIET</pt>
          <pd>If you specify the parameter in this format, you are not prompted with any message
            window. If you do not specify any of the /quiet paramaters, a message window pops up
            whenever an error occurs or when the task has successfully completed.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/QUIET=NOMSG</pt>
          <pd>If you specify this parameter, you are not prompted with any message window. Any error
            message text is routed to stdout.</pd>
        </plentry>
      </parml>
      <note>You can type the commands in uppercase, lowercase, or in mixed-case letters. You may not
        use any wildcard characters, such as an asterisk (*).</note>
    </section>
    <example>
      <title>Examples</title>
      <p>The following example shows how to export a Translation Memory using the OTMBATCH command.</p>
<!--    <section>
          <title>Example</title>
          <codeblock>OTMBATCH /task=memexp /out=d:\mymemo.exp /type=external /mem=oldmemo</codeblock>
        </section>-->
      <p><codeblock>OTMBATCH /task=memexp /out=d:\mymemo.exp /type=external /mem=oldmemo</codeblock></p>
      <p>In this example, the Translation Memory <codeph>oldmemo</codeph> is exported to the file
          <codeph>d:\mymemo.exp</codeph>.</p>
    </example>
  </refbody>
</reference>
