<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="overvterm">
<title>Overview and terminology</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section/>
<section><title/>
<p>The <q>Language List</q> window contains lists of all the language-support
files available in <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> and their current installation status. </p>
</section>
<section><title>Prerequisites</title>
<p>None.</p>
</section>
<section><title>Calling sequence</title>
<p>Select <b>Display language list</b> from the <b>Utilities</b> menu.</p>
<p>The <q>Language List</q> window is displayed. </p>
</section>
<section><title>Options and parameters</title>
<p>None.</p>
</section>
<section><title>Results</title>
<p>The <q>Language List</q> window shows all available languages and their
current status. The <b>State</b> column indicates whether the
language-support file for the respective language is installed (indicated
by <b>active</b> or <b>inactive</b>).</p>
<p>There are several reasons for a language being shown as inactive: 
<ul>
<li>It is not included in your base package.</li>
<li>It is included in your base package, but you did not install it.</li>
<li>It is included in your base package and you installed it, but you subsequently
deleted it because you had no need for it at that time.</li>
</ul></p>
<p>If you need a language-support file for any of the languages supported
by <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>, you can install it on top of your current installation.</p>
<p>If you translate into languages for which language support is not available,
such as Hungarian, you cannot check the spelling of the translated documents.</p>
</section></refbody></reference>