<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="prep_InstallProcedure">
  <title>Installation procedure</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>installing<indexterm>procedure</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p>
      <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> can be installed in two ways: </p>
    <p>
      <b>First time installation</b>
    </p>
    <p>Use these instructions only when installing <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> 
       for the very first time on the workstation. If <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> 
       is already installed, use the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> Auto Version
       Update utility (<keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> menu item:
       Utilities --> Auto Version Upgrade...). </p>
    <p>
      <ol>
        <li>Download the latest <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> installation package.</li>
        <li>Open the Windows explorer and navigate to the place where you downloaded the install package to.</li>
        <li>Start installation by double clicking on the install package.</li>
        <li>The <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> installation program will start.</li>
        <li>Follow the instructions of the installation program.</li>
        <li>After <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> is successfully
          installed, a folder named "<keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>" is
          installed on the desktop as well as an icon named "<keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>". </li>
      </ol>
    </p>
    <p>
      <b>Upgrade installation</b>
    </p>
    <p>Use these instructions only when <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>
       has already been installed on the workstation. </p>
       <note>Back up any translation material as described in "Reusing <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> 
       Version 1.0 translation material". </note>
    <p>
      <ol>
        <li>Start <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>.</li>
        <li>Select the menu item: Utilities --> Auto Version Upgrade...</li>
        <li>In the "<keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> Auto Version
            Upgrade" window, select the "Updates" tab (if it is not already selected).</li>
        <li>Select (check) the checkbox next to the "<keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>" component.</li>
        <li>Close the main <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> window, by
            selecting the menu item: File --> Exit. Do not close the 
            "<keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> Auto Version Upgrade" window.</li>
        <li>Press the "Upgrade Selected" button to install this new version of 
            <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>.</li>
        <li>Wait for the download to complete.</li>
        <li>The <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> installation program
            will automatically start when the download is successfully completed.</li>
        <li>Follow the instructions of the installation program.</li>
      </ol>
    </p>
  </body>
</topic>
