<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="renamefolderdicmemas">
<title><!--rev=as25032008-->Renaming a folder, a dictionary or a Translation Memory</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section/>
<section><title>Purpose</title><indexterm>organizing<indexterm>OTMBATCH: Renaming a
folder, a dictionary or a Translation Memory (from command area)</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>Translation Memory<indexterm>OTMBATCH: rename (from command area)</indexterm></indexterm>
<p>If you want to rename a folder, a dictionary or a Translation Memory
using a command typed in your system's command area instead of <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>
windows might be quicker and more convenient.</p>
</section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title><indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm>rename a folder,
a dictionary or a Translation Memory</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>commands<indexterm>OTMBATCH<indexterm otherprops="">rename a folder, a dictionary or a Translation Memory</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
<p>The following syntax diagram describes how you rename a folder,
a dictionary or a TranslationMemory  with the OTMBATCH command. Note
that lowercase letters in a parameter name are optional and need not
be typed.</p>
<syntaxdiagram><title>For the rename of folders:</title>
<groupseq><kwd>OTMBATCH</kwd></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>TAsk</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>RENAME</var></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>FLD</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>folder</var></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>NEW</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>newname</var></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional">
<groupchoice>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><var>QUIET</var></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><var>QUIET=NOMSG</var></groupseq></groupchoice></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
<syntaxdiagram><title>For the rename of dictionaries:</title>
<groupseq><kwd>OTMBATCH</kwd></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>TAsk</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>RENAME</var></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>DIct</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>dicname</var></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>NEW</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>newname</var></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional">
<groupchoice>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><var>QUIET</var></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><var>QUIET=NOMSG</var></groupseq></groupchoice></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
<syntaxdiagram><title>For the rename of Translation Memory databases:</title>
<groupseq><kwd>OTMBATCH</kwd></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>TAsk</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>RENAME</var></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>MEm</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>memdb</var></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><kwd>NEW</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>newname</var></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional">
<groupchoice>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><var>ADJust=YES</var></groupseq></groupchoice></groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional">
<groupchoice>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><var>QUIET</var></groupseq>
<groupseq><delim>/</delim><var>QUIET=NOMSG</var></groupseq></groupchoice></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
</refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title>
<parml>
<plentry><pt>/TAsk=RENAME</pt>
<pd><codeph>RENAME</codeph> specifies that you want to rename a folder,
dictionary or a TranslationMemory. </pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/FLD=<synph><var>folder</var></synph></pt>
<pd>Specifies the name of the folder that you want to
rename. </pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/DICT=<synph><var>dicname</var></synph></pt>
<pd>Specifies the name of the dictionary that you want
to rename. </pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/MEM=<synph><var>memdb </var></synph></pt>
<pd>Specifies the name of the Translation Memory that
you want to rename.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/NEW= <synph><var>newname </var></synph></pt>
<pd>Specifies the new name for the folder, dictionary
or Translation Memory.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/ADJust=YES</pt>
<pd>When specified OTMBATCH will change all occurences
of the TranslationMemory name or dictionary name in the properties
of folders and documents</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>/QUIET</pt>
<pd>If you specify the parameter in this format, you
are not prompted with any message window. If you do not specify any
of the /quiet paramaters, a message window pops up whenever an error
occurs or when the task has successfully completed. </pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt>QUIET=NOMSG</pt>
<pd>If you specify this parameter, you are not prompted
with any message window. Any error message text is routed to stdout. </pd></plentry>
</parml>
<note>You can type the commands in uppercase, lowercase,
or in mixed-case letters. You may not use any wildcard characters,
such as an asterisk (*). </note>
</section>
<example><title>Examples</title>
<p>The following example shows how to rename a folder using the OTMBATCH
command.</p><required-cleanup>
<section><title>Example</title>
<codeblock>otmbatch /task=rename /fld=pharma /new=pharmaceutical /quiet</codeblock></section></required-cleanup>
<p>In this example, the folder pharma is renamed to <codeph>pharmaceutical</codeph> without
prompting the user.</p>
<p>The following example shows how to rename a TranslationMemory and
adjust all references to the Translation Memory name automatically.</p><required-cleanup>
<section><title>Example</title>
<codeblock>otmbatch /task=rename /mem=MyMem /new=MyNewMem /adjust=yes</codeblock></section></required-cleanup>
<p>In this example, the Translation Memory  <codeph>MyMem</codeph> is renamed
to  <codeph>MyNewMem</codeph> and all references to this memory in the properties
of folders and documents are adjusted to use the new name.</p>
</example></refbody></reference>