<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="sample_Import">
<title>Importing and opening a sample folder and its documents</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section/>
<section><title/><indexterm>sample material<indexterm>importing sample folders and
documents</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>importing<indexterm>sample folders and documents</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>opening<indexterm>sample folders and documents</indexterm></indexterm>
<p>To import a sample folder and to start a translation exercise is described
using the folder <codeph>samplehtml1</codeph> as an example.</p>
</section>
<section><title>Prerequisites</title>
<ul>
<li>The samples must have been installed.</li>
<li>The language-support file for English (U.S.) must have been installed.</li>
</ul>
</section>
<section><title>Calling sequence</title>
<ol>
<li>Select the <q>Folder List</q> window.</li>
<li>Select <b>Import...</b> from the <b>File</b> menu.  The <q>Import Folder</q> window is displayed.</li>
<li>Select the drive where <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> is installed, for example, <b>C</b>. The <b>Folder</b> list box displays all folders that
can be imported.</li>
<li>Select <codeph>samplehtml1</codeph> from the <b>Folder</b> list
box.</li>
<li>Click <b>Details…</b>. This displays the note that
is attached to <codeph>samplehtml1</codeph>.</li>
<li>Click <b>OK</b> to leave the <q>Folder Details</q> window.</li>
<li>Click the destination drive where you want to store <codeph>samplehtml1</codeph>.</li>
<li>Click <b>Import</b> to begin importing the folder. Several
windows are displayed showing the progress of the import procedure.</li>
<li>Click <b>OK</b> when you have read the completion message.This
takes you back to the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> main window.</li>
<li>Double-click folder <codeph>samplehtml1</codeph> in the <q>Folder List</q> window.
The <q>Document List</q> window is displayed.</li>
<li>Double-click <codeph>device.html</codeph> in the <q>Document List</q> window.
The <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlenv"/> is displayed and the document appears in the Translation window
ready for translation.</li>
</ol>
</section>
<section><title>Results</title>
<p>The folder <codeph>samplehtml1</codeph> is imported into <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>. The analyzed
document <codeph>device.html</codeph> is opened. You can start translating it.</p>
</section></refbody></reference>