<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="sample_Exercise">
<title>Translation exercise with a sample document</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords>

<indexterm>sample material<indexterm>translating a sample document</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>translating<indexterm>sample documents</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>Before documents can be translated, <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> analyzes them to prepare them
for translation. The <codeph>device.html</codeph> documents have already been analyzed.
The <codeph>trans.html</codeph> documents are analyzed automatically when you open
them, or you can explicitly select one of the analysis functions.</p>
<p>After importing and opening a document, you are taken to the <b><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlenv"/></b>,
where the following windows are displayed: 
<ul>
<li>The <q>Translation</q> window</li>
<li>The <q>Translation Memory</q> window</li>
<li>The <q>Dictionary</q> window</li>
</ul></p>
<p>The document <codeph>device.html</codeph> contains one chapter of a complete
book. Other document files of the book have been translated already, that
is, a Translation Memory exists for them.</p>
<p>When you translate a sample document, remember that you can stop at any
point in the session by: 
<ul>
<li>Double-clicking the system menu icon of the <b><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlenv"/></b></li>
<li>Selecting <b>Close</b> from the system menu</li>
</ul></p>
<p>To copy a proposal from the <b>Translation Memory</b> into
the <q>Translation</q> window, press and hold down the Control key and type
the number of the required proposal.</p>
<p>To copy a proposal from the <q>Dictionary</q> window into the <q>Translation</q> window, press and hold down the Control key and type the letter of the
required proposal.</p>
<p>You can edit the translation document file in either insert or replace
mode.</p>
<p>If the suggested translation contains special characters that are not available
on your keyboard, ignore them or type other characters instead. </p>
</body></topic>