<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="selmultobj">
<title><!--rev=wst-->Selecting multiple objects in list windows</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords>

<indexterm>list windows<indexterm>selecting multiple
objects</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>Several list windows in <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> allow you to select
more than one object on which you want to perform the same task. This
allows you to perform repeatable and time-consuming tasks unattended.</p>
<p>In the following chapters, whenever a <q>Calling sequence</q> asks
you to select <q>one or more</q> objects in one of the list windows,
you can use this capability. If unsure, just try to select multiple
objects in a window. <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> only allows you to select
multiple objects if it can safely perform the task on multiple objects
in one run.</p>
<p>The selection of multiple objects is done much like in the Windows
environment. You use the mouse to click list items. Holding down the
Ctrl key, and then clicking list items, lets you randomly select list
items in a list window. Holding down the Alt key, and then clicking
list items, lets you select a series of list items. If you prefer
to use key combinations only, or need information about more sophisticated
selection methods, see the Windows Help facility.</p>
<p>Multiple object selection is supported in the following windows:
<dl>
<dlentry><dt>Document List window</dt>
<dd><indexterm>Document List window<indexterm>selecting
multiple documents</indexterm></indexterm>Almost all <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> tasks can be applied to multiple
documents in this window.
<note>If you view document properties
for multiple documents, the <q>Document Properties</q> window shows:
<ul>
<li>Property values that are equal for all selected documents in black
color.</li>
<li>Property values that are different for all selected documents
in grey color. Only the property values of the first document are
shown.</li>
</ul>
<p>If you change document properties for multiple documents,
the changed values are applied to all selected documents, and unchanged
values are left as they are.</p>
<p>For example, assume that document
A (properties are markup EQFAMRI, and editor STANDARD) and document
B (properties are markup EQFAMRI, and editor XLATE) are selected in
the <q>Document List</q> window. The <q>Document Properties</q> window
shows markup EQFAMRI in black color (because it is equal for both
documents) and editor STANDARD in grey (because the second document
uses a different editor). If you change the editor in the <q>Document
Properties</q> window to RTFEDIT, and save the change, this editor
is now associated with the selected documents.</p></note></dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>Folder List window</dt>
<dd><indexterm>Folder List window<indexterm>selecting multiple
folders</indexterm></indexterm>The Export, Delete, and Analyze tasks can be applied to multiple
folders in this window.
<note>If you prefer to use the Explorer-like
tree view, you cannot select multiple folders from the directory tree
displayed on the left. Instead, click the parent folder on the left,
and click the individual folders on the right. </note>
<p/></dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>Translation Memory List window</dt>
<dd><indexterm>Translation Memory List window<indexterm>selecting
multiple Translation Memories</indexterm></indexterm>The Export, Delete, and Organize tasks can be applied to multiple
Translation Memories in this window.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>Dictionary List window</dt>
<dd><indexterm>Dictionary List window<indexterm>selecting
multiple dictionaries</indexterm></indexterm>The Export, Delete, and Organize tasks can be applied to multiple
dictionaries in this window.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>Connect Shared Translation Memories window</dt>
<dd><indexterm>Connect Shared Translation Memories window<indexterm>selecting multiple shared Translation Memories</indexterm></indexterm>The Access and Disconnect tasks can be applied to multiple shared
Translation Memories in this window.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>Connect Shared Dictionaries window</dt>
<dd><indexterm>Connect Shared Dictionaries window<indexterm>selecting
multiple shared dictionaries</indexterm></indexterm>The Access and Disconnect tasks can be applied to multiple shared
dictionaries in this window.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>Import … windows</dt>
<dd><indexterm>Import Documents window<indexterm>selecting
multiple documents</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>Import Folder window<indexterm>selecting
multiple folders</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>Import Translation Memory window<indexterm>selecting
multiple Translation Memories</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>Import Dictionary window<indexterm>selecting
multiple dictionaries</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>Import New Terms window<indexterm>selecting
multiple new terms lists</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>Import Found Terms window<indexterm>selecting
multiple found terms lists</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>Import Exclusion Lists window<indexterm>selecting
multiple exclusion lists</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>Import Markup Table List window<indexterm>selecting Markup Table List</indexterm></indexterm>Import tasks can be applied to multiple objects in the various
import windows, such as the <q>Import Documents</q>, <q>Folder</q>, <q>Translation
Memory</q>, <q>Dictionary</q>, <q>New Terms Lists</q>, <q>Found Terms
Lists</q>, <q>Exclusion Lists</q>, and <q>Markup Table</q> windows.
<note><ol>
<li>In the <q>Import Folder</q> window the options you specify are
applied to all folders to be imported. The <b>Import
folder as</b> option cannot be selected if multiple folders are to
be imported. Also, the <q>Details</q> page in the <q>Import Folder</q> window
cannot be selected.</li>
<li>In the <q>Import Dictionary</q> window the <b>To
dictionary</b> option cannot be selected if multiple dictionaries
are to be imported. The dictionaries are imported using the file names
given when they were exported. For every dictionary to be imported
the <q>New Dictionary</q> window is shown before the import starts.</li>
<li>In the <q>Import Translation Memory</q> window the <b>To
Translation Memory</b> option cannot be selected if multiple Translation
Memories are to be imported. The Translation Memories are imported
using the file names given when they were exported. For every Translation
Memory to be imported the <q>New Translation Memory</q> window is
shown before the import starts.</li></ol>
</note></dd></dlentry>
</dl></p>
</body></topic>