<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="severaldocs">
<title>Opening and translating several documents</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section/>
<section><title/><indexterm>translating<indexterm>several documents</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>document<indexterm>translating several documents</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>document<indexterm>opening several documents</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>opening<indexterm>several documents</indexterm></indexterm>
<p>You can open several documents and translate them in parallel in
the Translation Environment.</p>
<p>If the selected documents have not been analyzed, <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> automatically
analyzes them based on the properties of the documents and the folder.
For more information on the analysis, see <xref href="docana.dita#docana"/>.</p>
</section>
<section><title>Prerequisites</title>
<p>The <q>Document List</q> window of the respective folder is active. </p>
</section>
<section><title>Calling sequence</title>
<p>You have two choices: 
<ol>
<li>You select several documents from the <q>Document List</q> window
and then <b>Open</b> from the <b>File</b> menu.</li>
<li>You open one or more documents while translating using <b>Open…</b> from the <b>File</b> menu
(see <xref href="otherdocs.dita#otherdocs"/>).</li>
</ol></p>
</section>
<section><title>Results</title>
<p>In either case, the opened documents are displayed in the <q>Translation</q> window
together with the respective dictionary and <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>. If you used the
first choice, the document selected first is the active one. If you
used the second choice, the document opened last is the active one.</p>
<p>You can switch to another opened document by either clicking it
or by selecting it from the <b>Translation Environment</b> option
from the <b>File</b> menu.</p>
<p>You can close the opened documents one by one.</p>
</section></refbody></reference>