<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="shtm">
  <title>Sharing Translation Memory databases</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>

        <indexterm>sharing<indexterm>Translation Memory databases</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p>Sharing Translation Memory databases with other translators in a LAN system helps you keep
      your own used disk space small and you can work with a Translation Memory even if another
      translator is using it at the same time. You may find this especially convenient when you work
      with fellow translators on the same project. For example, if you must translate a sentence
      that a fellow translator has translated only recently for the same project, you can instantly
      use your colleague’s translation by copying it from the shared Translation Memory.</p>
    <p>If you wish to work with a shared Translation Memory, you must note the following
      prerequisites: <ol>
        <li><b>Install the LAN software.</b>The appropriate LAN software must be installed (see
            <xref href="sreq.dita#sreq"/> for the supported software). </li>
        <li><b>Log on to the LAN.</b>You must be logged on to the LAN. </li>
        <li><b>Define a shared disk.</b>At least one of your disks must be defined as shared disk.
          In <tm trademark="Windows" tmowner="Microsoft Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="special"
              ><b>Windows</b></tm>you do this using the FileManager. In NOVELL Netware and <tm
            trademark="IBM" tmowner="IBM Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="ibm">IBM</tm> LAN
          Manager LANs you use the NET USE command. It is recommended to share the entire disk
          because <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> creates its own
          subdirectory structure on this disk. </li>
        <li><b>Specify a Translation Memory as shared.</b>The Translation Memory you want to share
          must be defined to reside on a shared disk. This can only be done when a new Translation
          Memory is created. See <xref href="xlmnew1.dita#xlmnew1"/> for the creation of shared
          Translation Memory databases. Note that it is not possible to redefine a local Translation
          Memory as shared at a later time. It must be done when it is created. If you created the
          Translation Memory, you can now start working with it. If you want to use a Translation
          Memory created by someone else, see the next step. </li>
        <li><b>Connect the shared Translation Memory.</b>To use a Translation Memory that is defined
          as shared and not created by you, you must add it to your Translation Memory List. See
            <xref href="accsh.dita#accsh"/> to learn how to do this.</li>
      </ol></p>
  </body>
</topic>
