<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="term_CreateExternal">
<title>Creating an external terminology list</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords>

<indexterm>terminology lists<indexterm>creating them outside <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/></indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>external
format<indexterm>of terminology lists</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>Although <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> offers functions for the creation of terminology lists
where you only specify some parameters in a window, you can also create them
outside of <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>.</p>
<p>This can be useful when you already have terminology lists available in
a format of your own, which you must only convert to the format you can import
in <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>.</p>
<p>External new terms lists and external found terms lists must be created
in an SGML format to import them. </p>
<p>External exclusion lists are created without SGML tags. If you want to
create an exclusion list outside of <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>, you can write a list of terms
in an editor of your choice, where each line contains one term, and then import
it in external format. The list can have any number of terms. For details
on importing terminology lists see <xref href="term_Import.dita#term_Import"/>. </p>
<p>A new terms list requires as first tag in the first line <codeph>&lt;NTLIST&gt;</codeph> and as the very last tag in the last line of the list the tag <codeph>&lt;/NTLIST&gt;</codeph>. The same applies to a found terms list, except that you
must use the tags <codeph>&lt;FTLIST&gt;</codeph> and <codeph>&lt;/FTLIST&gt;</codeph>.</p>
<p>The description of an entry always starts with the start tag <codeph>&lt;TERM&gt;</codeph> and ends with the corresponding end tag <codeph>&lt;/TERM&gt;</codeph>.</p>
<p>The term itself is between the start tag <codeph>&lt;LEMMA&gt;</codeph> and the
end tag <codeph>&lt;/LEMMA&gt;</codeph>.</p>
<p>To add context information to a term, the context information must have
the start tag <codeph>&lt;CONTEXT&gt;</codeph>, and the end tag <codeph>&lt;/CONTEXT&gt;</codeph>. Adding context information is optional; you can include more than
one context.</p>
<p>To insert the term <b>address</b> to a terminology list
without context information, your entry would look as follows: 
<codeblock>&lt;TERM&gt;
  &lt;LEMMA&gt;address&lt;/LEMMA&gt;
&lt;/TERM&gt;</codeblock></p>
<p>When you want to insert the term <b>hardware</b> to a terminology
list with information about two contexts, your entry would look as follows: 
<codeblock>&lt;TERM&gt;
 &lt;LEMMA&gt;hardware&lt;/LEMMA&gt;
 &lt;CONTEXT&gt;However, before selecting your hardware devices,
 you should understand your data processing requirements. &lt;/CONTEXT&gt;
 &lt;CONTEXT&gt;This publication assists you in selecting
 a hardware configuration. &lt;/CONTEXT&gt;
&lt;/TERM&gt;</codeblock></p>
<p>You can insert as much context information as you want, but each piece
of context information needs the start and the end tag.</p>
<p>A new terms list with the entries <b>hardware</b>, <b>software</b>, <b>term</b>, <b>context</b>,
and with some context information for the first and last entry would have
the following layout: 
<codeblock>&lt;NTLIST&gt;
 &lt;TERM&gt;
  &lt;LEMMA&gt;hardware&lt;/LEMMA&gt;
  &lt;CONTEXT&gt;Your hardware requirements are as follows:&lt;/CONTEXT&gt;
 &lt;/TERM&gt;
 &lt;TERM&gt;
  &lt;LEMMA&gt;software&lt;/LEMMA&gt;
 &lt;/TERM&gt;
 &lt;TERM&gt;
  &lt;LEMMA&gt;term&lt;/LEMMA&gt;
 &lt;/TERM&gt;
 &lt;TERM&gt;
  &lt;LEMMA&gt;context&lt;/LEMMA&gt;
  &lt;CONTEXT&gt;The context information must be stored between a start
  and end tag.&lt;/CONTEXT&gt;
 &lt;/TERM&gt;
&lt;/NTLIST&gt;</codeblock></p>
<p>You do not have to sort your entries in alphabetical order. This is done
during importing.</p>
<p>How to import the new list is described in <xref href="term_Import.dita#term_Import"/>. </p>
</body></topic>