<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="tmoper">
<title><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> operations not to refer to the Windows OEM
codepage but to use the language property</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p><b>Purpose</b></p>
<p><ph>This enhancement garantues that batch / CFM functionality of
TM and ITM can be done on one Windows machine for all target languages.
This is required in special for DBCS countries. For DBCS countries
it is now possible to share one Windows machine for import/analysis/export
without respect of the language of the translation. </ph></p>
<p><b>Description</b></p>
<p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> does not refer any more to the codepage of the
installed operating system for operations which require knowledge
of the appropriate codepage. Instead, the source language and the
target language of the document are now used for correct handling.
Knowledge of the codepage is necessary for correct morphology, correct
sentence and word recognition, correct conversions between ASCII /
ANSI and Unicode, for example</p>
<p> However there are some cases where the correct language is not
known ( e.g. Dictionary import or memory import, memory edit). For
those cases the system preferences now contain a new field "default
target language", as can be seen below. If no target language is known,
the default target language from the system preferences is used. It
is also possible to set and retrieve the default target language via
Non-DDE API calls (see separate documentation) if it is necessary
for some CFM applications. CFM applications are responsible for setting
the correct default target language. </p>
<p>Although translators must work on a machine with an operating system
fitting to their target language, translators should be informed that
they must set the default target language correctly on their system
when they install the new package TM6.0. If a translator translates
to another target language as previously the default target language
should be adapted too. If the default target language in the system
preferences dialog is not set correctly, import and export of dictionaries
and memories on a translators machine will not work correctly. Also
display in the translation memory window or dictionary window and
the display in the list windows (folder list, files list, dictionary
list and so on) may contain erraneous characters if the default target
language is not set correctly.</p>
<p>Although translators must work on a machine with an operating system
fitting to their target language, translators should be informed that
they must set the default target language correctly on their system
when they install the new package TM6.0. If a translator translates
to another target language as previously the default target language
should be adapted too. If the default target language in the system
preferences dialog is not set correctly, import and export of dictionaries
and memories on a translators machine will not work correctly. Also
display in the translation memory window or dictionary window and
the display in the list windows (folder list, files list, dictionary
list and so on) may contain erraneous characters if the default target
language is not set correctly.</p>
<p>All user exits listed in the technical description which we are
responsible for, are also checked and adapted. For conversions during
analysis (PRESEG and POSTSEG) the codepage is retrieved from the corresponding
source language. For conversions during document export (PREUNSEG
and POSTUNSEG) the codepage is retrieved from the corresponding target
language.   </p>
<p>For other markups, please inform the owners of the markups that
they should check and change their approach if necessary.  </p>
<p>If generating the shortnames inside TM from objects with longnames,
the codepage of the installed operating system is used. So if your
objects ( folders, files, dictionaries...) have language-specific
characters in their names the generation of the shortnames depends
on the Windows codepage.  </p>
<p>Furthermore be aware that the system preferences default target
language is used for: 
<ol>
<li>For Thai dictionary export it is necessary that system preferences
language is set to Thai - otherwise an Ansi conversion can take place. </li>
<li>Memory edit </li>
<li>Noise or Exclusion or Found Terms lists:If they are written in
or read from SGML-Format ASCII or ANSI. </li>
<li>for conversions needed for printing lists </li>
<li>for export / import of SGML lists ( noise / exclusion lists)</li>
</ol></p>
<p>For Greek, ASCII codepage 869 and ANSI codepage 1253 is now used
always. Since the new approach is no more dependent from the Windows
OEM codepage, it should be redundant for CFM purposes to edit in the
registry as it had been necessary previously for Greek users. </p>
<p>ITM users must be aware that during writing a non-Unicode-SGML-memory
the default target language of the system preferences is used.</p>
<p><b>Compatibility</b></p>
<p>For implementation of this requirement upward-compatibility is
garantueed. That means TP6.0 ( the next release with R007197 can work
with all TP5.5.2.x data material (folders, files, user exits).</p>
<p><b>Restrictions to when the correct Windows OEM codepage
is required</b></p>
<p>Restrictions occur in the Standard editor or RTFeditor, Visual
ITM, Memory edit, Global Find and Change dialog, lists handling via
Edit lists dialog, Printings. Keyboard handling and display routines
usually requires a correct operating system. We recommend to use during
translation an operating system which fits to the selected target
language. Font selection as well as display ( e.g. DBCS, Thai, BIDI)
may be corrupted if working on English operating system.</p>
<p><b>Other restrictions</b></p>
<p>All within this requirement adapted used exits require to run with
TP6.0 eqfdll.dll. If one of user exits of TP6.0 is copied to TP5.5.2.x
by a folder import, e.g. the message EQF0423 (e.g."The file eqfhtml4.dll
that contains the user exits for analysis could not be loaded") pops
up at document import or export time. </p>
</body></topic>