<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="tools_MemoryMeta">
  <title>Changing the markup, target language and date of segments</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section/>
    <section>
      <title>Purpose</title>
      <indexterm>Translation Memory<indexterm>changing markup table, target language and date of segments</indexterm></indexterm>
      <indexterm>segments<indexterm>changing markup table, target language and date</indexterm></indexterm>
      <indexterm>markup table language<indexterm>changing</indexterm></indexterm>
      <p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> enables you to change the markup table name, 
         the target language or the date of segments stored in a <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>.</p>
    </section>
    <refsyn>
      <title>Format</title>
      <indexterm>OtmMemoryTool</indexterm>
      <indexterm>commands<indexterm>OtmMemoryTool</indexterm></indexterm>
      <p>The following syntax diagram describes how to change the <b>markup table name</b>, 
         the <b>target language</b> or the <b>date</b> of segments using the 
         DOS line command utility OtmMemoryTool. Note that lowercase letters in a parameter name are 
         optional and need not be typed.</p>
      <syntaxdiagram>
        <groupseq>
          <kwd>OtmMemoryTool</kwd>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>TASK</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <kwd>ChgProposalMeta</kwd>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>MEm</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>memdb</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupchoice importance="required">
          <groupseq>
            <delim>/</delim>
            <kwd>FromMarkup</kwd>
            <oper>=</oper>
            <var>frommu</var>
          </groupseq>
          <groupseq>
            <delim>/</delim>
            <kwd>ToMarkup</kwd>
            <oper>=</oper>
            <var>tomu</var>
          </groupseq>
          <groupseq>
            <delim>/</delim>
            <kwd>FromLang</kwd>
            <oper>=</oper>
            <var>fromlang</var>
          </groupseq>
          <groupseq>
            <delim>/</delim>
            <kwd>ToLang</kwd>
            <oper>=</oper>
            <var>tolang</var>
          </groupseq>
          <groupseq>
            <delim>/</delim>
            <kwd>DAte</kwd>
            <oper>=</oper>
            <var>newdate</var>
          </groupseq>
          <groupseq>
            <delim>/</delim>
            <kwd>DOc</kwd>
            <oper>=</oper>
            <var>document</var>
          </groupseq>
        </groupchoice>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>TYpe</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <kwd>NOCONF</kwd>
        </groupseq>
      </syntaxdiagram>
    </refsyn>
    <section>
      <title>Parameters</title>
      <parml>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/TASK=<synph><var>ChgProposalMeta</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>ChgProposalMeta</var></synph> specifies the task to change meta data in a translation memory.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/MEm=<synph><var>memdb</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>memdb</var></synph> specifies the name of the Translation Memory to work with.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/FromMarkup=</pt>
          <pd><synph><var>frommu</var></synph> is the name of the markup table to be changed. The
              name can contain wildcard characters. For example, <codeph>/FROMMARKUP=OTM*</codeph>
              would change all segments with a markup table name starting with OTM. If this parameter is
              omitted, the markup tabel name of <b>all</b> segments is changed. This parameter 
              can also be used to restrict the number of segments being changed when changing languages 
              or segment dates. If specified without the /ToMarkup parameter, only segments from the 
              specified markup table will be changed.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/ToMarkup=</pt>
          <pd><synph><var>tomu</var></synph> is the new markup table name to be used for either the
              segments with the markup table name <synph><var>frommu</var></synph> or all segments if the
              /FROMMARKUP parameter is omitted.
              <p><b>Note: </b>When the markup table name of segments has been changed, the tool performs 
              an organize of the memory at the end of the processing. This ensures that the memory 
              lookup works correctly after a change of the markup table name.</p>
          </pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/FromLang=</pt>
          <pd><synph><var>fromlang</var></synph> is the name of the target language to be changed.
            The name can contain wildcard characters. For example, <codeph>/FROMLANG=Eng*</codeph>
            would change all segments with a target language starting with <q>Eng</q>. If this parameter 
            is omitted, the target language of all segments is changed.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/ToLang=</pt>
          <pd><synph><var>tolang</var></synph> is the new target language to be used for either the
            segments with target language <synph><var>fromlang</var></synph> or all segments if the
            /FROMLANG parameter is omitted.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/DAte=</pt>
          <pd><synph><var>newdate</var></synph> is the new date to be set for the segments. The
            format of newdate is YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS. The time part (HH:MM:SS) is optional. You can
            also specify an asterisk (<q>*</q>) as newdate, which instructs the OtmMemoryTool to use the
            current system date as segment date. For example, <codeph>/DATE=2016-01-01</codeph>
            would change the segment date of all changed segments to the 1st January 2016.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/DOC=</pt>
          <pd>By using this parameter, the changed segments can be restricted to segments from dedicated 
              document names. The name can contain wildcard characters. For example, <codeph>/
              DOC=A*</codeph> would change all segments from documents starting with the letter A.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/TYpe=NOCONF</pt>
          <pd>If you specify this parameter, no confirmation message is displayed. This is useful if
              you do not want to be interrupted by progress messages while you are working. <p>If you
              do not specify this parameter, the <q>Change Markup and Target Language</q> window is
              displayed.</p>
            <p>This window contains the following information: <ul>
                <li>The name of the Translation Memory</li>
                <li>The number of the current segment</li>
                <li>The number of segments whose markup was changed</li>
                <li>The number of segments whose target language was changed</li>
                <li>The number of segments whose date was changed</li>
              </ul></p>
            <p>At the end of the process, you get a completion message showing the number of
               segments processed and changed.</p></pd>
        </plentry>
      </parml>
      <note>You can type the commands in uppercase, lowercase, or in mixed-case letters. You may not
            use any wildcard characters, such as an asterisk (*). </note>
    </section>
    <example>
      <title>Examples</title>
      <p>The following examples show how to change the markup or language of segments using the OtmMemoryTool.</p>
<!--      <required-cleanup>-->
<!--    <section>
          <title>Example 1</title>
          <codeblock>OtmMemoryTool /TASK=ChgProposalMeta /MEM=mymem /FromMarkup=OTMASCII /ToMarkup=OTMANSI</codeblock>
        </section>-->
      <p> <codeblock>OtmMemoryTool /TASK=ChgProposalMeta /MEM=mymem /FromMarkup=OTMASCII /ToMarkup=OTMANSI</codeblock></p>
<!--      </required-cleanup>-->
      <p>In this example, the markup table of the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>
         <codeph>mymem</codeph> is changed from (<codeph>OTMASCII</codeph>) to (<codeph>OTMANSI</codeph>).</p>
<!--      <required-cleanup>-->
<!--    <section>
          <title>Example 2</title>
          <codeblock>OtmMemoryTool /TASK=ChgProposalMeta /MEM=mymem /fromlang=English(U.S.) /tolang=German(Reform)</codeblock>
        </section>-->
      <p> <codeblock>OtmMemoryTool /TASK=ChgProposalMeta /MEM=mymem /fromlang=English(U.S.) /tolang=German(Reform)</codeblock></p>
<!--      </required-cleanup>-->
      <p>In this example, the target language is changed from English to German.</p>
<!--      <required-cleanup>-->
<!--    <section>
          <title>Example 3</title>
          <codeblock>OtmMemoryTool /TASK=ChgProposalMeta /MEM=mymem /doc=A* /date=*</codeblock>
        </section>-->
     <p>  <codeblock>OtmMemoryTool /TASK=ChgProposalMeta /MEM=mymem /doc=A* /date=*</codeblock></p>
<!--      </required-cleanup>-->
      <p>In this example, the date of all segments from documents starting with the letter <q>A</q> in the
         Translation Memory <codeph>mymem</codeph> is changed to the current system date.</p>
    </example>
  </refbody>
</reference>
