<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="tools_Diagram">
  <title>How to read syntax diagrams</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p>In this chapter diagrams are used to illustrate the programming syntax. To use a diagram,
       follow a path from left to right, top to bottom, adding elements as you go. In these diagrams,
       all spaces and other characters are significant.</p>
    <p>Each diagram begins with a double right arrowhead and ends with a right and left arrowhead
       pair. Lines beginning with single right arrowheads are continuation lines. 
       <syntaxdiagram>
         <groupseq><kwd>keyword</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>variable_value</var></groupseq>
       </syntaxdiagram></p>
    <p>Keywords are all in lowercase, but can be entered in uppercase as well as in lowercase. Variable
       values that you provide are shown in <synph><var>italics</var></synph> and are usually in
       lowercase. Where values are shown in uppercase, they should be entered as they appear.</p>
    <p>In a choice of items, the default item is always shown <b>above</b> the main line: 
      <syntaxdiagram>
        <groupseq><kwd>keyword=</kwd></groupseq>
        <groupchoice><kwd importance="default">default_value</kwd><kwd>other_value</kwd><kwd>other_value</kwd></groupchoice>
      </syntaxdiagram>
    </p>
    <p>Optional syntax elements are shown below the main line: 
       <syntaxdiagram>
         <groupseq importance="optional"><kwd>keyword</kwd><oper>=</oper><var>value</var></groupseq>
       </syntaxdiagram>
    </p>
    <p>A repeat arrow shown above an item or a stack of items indicates that you can specify the
       item multiple times or specify more than one of the items. A character (such as a comma) on
       the repeat arrow line indicates that the items must be separated by that character. A repeatable 
       operand is shown like this: 
      <syntaxdiagram>
        <groupseq><kwd>keyword</kwd><oper>=</oper></groupseq>
        <groupseq><delim>(</delim>
        <groupseq><repsep>,</repsep><var>variable_value</var></groupseq><delim>)</delim></groupseq>
      </syntaxdiagram>
    </p>
    <p>Syntax diagrams can be broken into fragments. A fragment is indicated by vertical bars with
       the name of the fragment between the bars. The fragment is shown following the main diagram,
       like so: 
       <syntaxdiagram>
         <groupseq importance="optional"><delim>/</delim><kwd>KEYWORD</kwd><oper>=</oper><fragref>ITEM1</fragref></groupseq>
         <fragment>
           <title>ITEM1</title>
           <groupchoice><var>variable1</var><var>variable2</var><var>variable3</var></groupchoice>
         </fragment>
       </syntaxdiagram>
    </p>
  </body>
</topic>
