<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="tools_MemoryQuality">
  <title>Specifying the quality of m-flagged segments</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section/>
    <section>
      <title>Purpose</title>
      <indexterm>Initial Translation Memory (ITM)
        <indexterm>specifying the quality of m-flagged segments (from command area)</indexterm>
      </indexterm>
      <indexterm>segments<indexterm>specifying the quality of m-flagged segments (from command area)</indexterm></indexterm>
      <p>Segments that were translated in a MT (Machine Translation) environment, are prefixed with an [m]. 
         <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> provides a command to specify the quality 
         of those MT-translations.</p>
      <p>You can specify a number between 0 and 101 for the quality. 101 stands for a perfect translation. The following 
         translations, that is, the following aligned segments, get an m-flag: 
        <ul>
          <li>All aligned segments if you specify 101</li>
          <li>The segments not reaching the specified quality level if you specify a number from 1 through 100</li>
          <li>No segments if you specify 0</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
      <p>A quality of 100 is decreased by certain findings:<ul>
          <li>It is decreased by 1 if: 
            <ul>
              <li>The source sentence contains less than 10 words and the target sentence more than 19</li>
              <li>The source sentence contains more than 10 words but the target sentence is not even half as long as the source sentence</li>
              <li>The source sentence contains more than 10 words but the target sentence is more than 1.5 times longer than the source sentence.</li>
            </ul>
          </li>
          <li>It is decreased by the number of alignments that do not match 1:1 in the current
              alignment nor the five alignments before and after the current alignment.</li>
          <li>It is decreased by the number of differences between the source and target segment with respect to: 
            <ul>
              <li>Numbers</li>
              <li>Abbreviations</li>
              <li>Words in uppercase characters only</li>
              <li>The terms “F1”, “F2”, and so on</li>
              <li>Formatting tags within a segment</li>
            </ul>
          </li>
        </ul></p>
    </section>
    <refsyn>
      <title>Format</title>
      <indexterm>OTMITM<indexterm>specifying the quality of m-flagged segments</indexterm></indexterm>
      <indexterm>commands<indexterm>OTMITM<indexterm otherprops="">specifying the quality of m-flagged segments</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
      <p>The following syntax diagram describes how to specify the quality of m-flagged segments with the OTMITM command. 
        Note that lowercase letters in a parameter name are optional and need not be typed.</p>
      <syntaxdiagram>
        <groupseq>
          <kwd>OTMITM</kwd>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>MEm</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>memdb</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>FIles</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <groupchoice>
            <groupseq>
              <var>document_name</var>
            </groupseq>
            <groupseq>
              <delim>(</delim>
              <groupseq>
                <repsep>,</repsep>
                <var>document_name</var>
              </groupseq>
              <delim>)</delim>
            </groupseq>
            <groupseq>
              <oper>@</oper>
              <var>list_file_name</var>
            </groupseq>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>MArkup</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>markup</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>SGmlmem</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>mem_file</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>SRclng</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>source_language</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>TGtlng</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>target_language</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>SrcStartpath</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>source_startpath</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>TgtStartpath|/TS</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>target_startpath</var>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>TYpe</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <groupchoice>
            <kwd>NOANA</kwd>
            <kwd>NOCONF</kwd>
            <kwd>NOTM</kwd>
            <kwd>VISUAL</kwd>
            <kwd>PREPARE</kwd>
          </groupchoice>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq importance="optional">
          <delim>/</delim>
          <kwd>QuaL</kwd>
          <oper>=</oper>
          <var>quality_level</var>
        </groupseq>
      </syntaxdiagram>
    </refsyn>
    <section>
      <title>Parameters</title>
      <parml>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/MEm=<synph><var>memdb</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>memdb</var></synph> specifies the name of the 
              <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/ITM"/> you want to work with.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/FIles=<synph><var>document_name</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>document_name</var></synph> specifies the name of a document you want to
              work with. The <synph><var>document_name</var></synph> specification can include the
              drive and directory where the file to work with is located. <p>If you specify several
              documents, enclose the document names in brackets and separate them by commas.</p>
            <p>If you want to specify a list of document names in a list file, refer to this list
               file by preceding the list file name with the <codeph>@</codeph> symbol
               (<codeph>@</codeph><synph><var>list_file_name</var></synph>). In the list file
               enclose the document names in brackets and separate them by commas.</p>
            <p>If you do not specify the <b>FIles</b> option, all documents in the folder are selected.</p></pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/MArkup=<synph><var>markup</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>markup</var></synph> is the name of the markup table that the selected
            texts use (mandatory except for <codeph>/TYPE=NOANA</codeph>). 
            See <xref href="mut_Chapter.dita#mut_Chapter"/> for the names of the markup tables.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/SGmlmem=<synph><var>mem_file</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>mem_file</var></synph> is the name and path name for the external ITM. The
              ITM is in SGML format and can subsequently be imported into 
              <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> after you have checked it.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/SRclng=<synph><var>source_language</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>source_language</var></synph> is the language of the original documents.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/TGtlng=<synph><var>target_language</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>target_language</var></synph> is the language of the translated documents.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/SrcStartpath=<synph><var>source_startpath</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>source_startpath</var></synph> is the path name of the source documents.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/TgtStartpath=<synph><var>target_startpath</var></synph></pt>
          <pd><synph><var>target_startpath</var></synph> is the path name of the translated documents.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/TYpe=</pt>
          <pd>One or more of the following: 
            <ul>
              <li>NOANA Do not analyze the selected files because they have already been analyzed by
                  <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>.</li>
              <li>NOCONF No confirmation message is displayed. This is useful if you do not want to
                  be interrupted by progress messages while you are working.</li>
              <li>NOTM Do not fill the internal <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>
                  (<synph><var>memdb</var></synph>) but the external 
                  <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>. It is in SGML format and can be checked.</li>
              <li>VISUAL Creates the ITM and presents its contents on the screen for you to revise.</li>
              <li>PREPARE The source documents are related to their corresponding translations. The file pairs are prefixed with <b>p</b>.</li>
            </ul>
          </pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>/QuaL=<synph><var>quality_level</var></synph></pt>
          <pd>A number between 0 and 101 specifying the quality level of an alignment. If you omit this parameter, 
              m-flags are added to all alignments unless you specify /TYPE=VISUAL.</pd>
        </plentry>
      </parml>
      <note>You can type the commands in uppercase, lowercase, or in mixed-case letters. You may not
            use any wildcard characters, such as an asterisk (*). </note>
    </section>
    <example>
      <title>Examples</title>
      <p>The following example shows how to specify the quality of m-flagged segments using the OTMITM command.</p>
<!--    <section>
          <title>Example</title>
          <codeblock>eqfitm /fi=(us\a1.txt, ger\a1de.txt) /me=a1 /ma=EQFBOOK /SR=English(U.S.)
/TG=German(national) /SS=D:\kbt\itm /TS=D:\kbt\itm /TY=(VISUAL) /QL=99</codeblock>
        </section>-->
      <p> <codeblock>eqfitm /fi=(us\a1.txt, ger\a1de.txt) /me=a1 /ma=EQFBOOK /SR=English(U.S.)
/TG=German(national) /SS=D:\kbt\itm /TS=D:\kbt\itm /TY=(VISUAL) /QL=99</codeblock></p>
      <p>In this example, you request that all alignments with a quality level of less than 99 are m-flagged.</p>
    </example>
  </refbody>
</reference>
