<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="translatewsevtransl">
<title>Translating with several translators</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> can also be used by a team of translators.
This is useful in particular if a large document has to be translated.
You can divide the large document into several parts and include these parts
in individual files. In addition, you can assign one person the role of a
coordinator who performs all duties associated with the preparation of the
translation material. These duties can include maintaining and
importing dictionaries, making sure that each team member receives the appropriate
dictionary for the document to be translated, and performing all Workbench-related
tasks.</p>
<p>When the Workbench is handled by a coordinator, translators
perform their work exclusively in the Translation Environment. All
resources needed for translation can be prepared beforehand, and the only
functions the translators need to select from the Workbench are the Open folder
and Open document options.</p>
<p>Due to the split of <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> into a Workbench and a Translation
Environment, work can easily be assigned to a vendor. The coordinator
can supply the vendor with a folder containing all the required resources,
namely the Translation Memory databases, dictionaries, and documents to be
translated. After receiving the translated folder, the coordinator can merge
the Translation Memory databases returned by the vendor into a main Translation
Memory for future translations. The dictionaries updated by
the vendor can also be merged into one main dictionary and then
be maintained by the coordinator or project leader.</p>
<p>In addition, the word count utility enables you to count all the words
to be translated and so facilitates billing. </p>
</body></topic>