<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="translateupddoc">
<title>Translating updated documents</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>To translate an updated document, you first import it into a folder referencing
the Translation Memory containing the old translation (of the original document).
You then have the following options: 
<ul>
<li>Let <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> automatically translate the unchanged parts during
analysis. You then only have to deal with the new and untranslated text.</li>
<li>After analysis, open the changed document and run the automatic substitution. <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>
then stops at the places where your interaction is required, for example,
where you have to translate the new parts or where you must decide which match
to take if the Translation Memory supplies several matches.</li>
<li>After analysis, open the changed document and work through
it segment by segment, copying the translation for the unchanged parts into
the changed document and translating the changed parts.</li>
</ul></p>
<p>After the translation is complete, you can postedit the translation regardless
of which option you chose. <ph>The associated Translation Memory is
updated automatically.</ph></p>
<p>When you export a changed document, you can ask <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>
to place different revision marks next to the old text, the changes, and the
text that you copied from the Translation Memory. </p>
</body></topic>