<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="trmlwrk">
<title>Working with terminology lists</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords>

<indexterm>terminology lists</indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>You use terminology lists to tell <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> to look for or ignore specific
terms when checking a document.</p>
<p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> creates terminology lists during document analysis. The lists are
compiled by comparing terms in a document with selected dictionaries.</p>
<p>In <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>, you can generate and work with the following types of terminology
lists: 
<dl>
<dlentry><dt>New terms lists </dt>
<dd><indexterm>new terms list</indexterm>New terms are terms in a document that are not contained in specified
dictionaries. You can use new terms lists to create a project-specific dictionary,
to create your personal dictionary with terms that are often used for specific
terminology, or to extend an existing dictionary.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>Found terms lists </dt>
<dd><indexterm>found terms list</indexterm>Found terms are terms in a document that are also contained in specified
dictionaries. You can use found terms lists to copy existing entries from
one dictionary to another or to check the used terminology in a dictionary
before you use the dictionary for translation.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>Exclusion lists </dt>
<dd><indexterm>exclusion list</indexterm>Exclusion lists contain terms that <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> can ignore when searching
for new and found terms. Exclusion lists can be generated by copying selected
new terms and found terms, or by editing in <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> or outside the system.
By using such an exclusion list, you can reduce the number of terms to be
included the next time you create a new terms list or a found terms list.
Exclusion lists usually contain so-called noise words. For each installed
language support, <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> already provides such a list.</dd></dlentry>
</dl></p>
<p>A terminology list usually contains terms of only one language. When you
copy a term from a terminology list to a dictionary, the source language of
the dictionary must be the same. </p>
</body></topic>