<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="tsf">
<title>Translation-specific functions</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>The <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> editor particularly supports you when you
translate in the Translation Environment.</p>
<table pgwide="0" frame="topbot">
<tgroup cols="3" colsep="0" rowsep="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*"/>
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="1*"/>
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="2*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry valign="top" rowsep="1">Task</entry>
<entry valign="top" rowsep="1">Key or Menu</entry>
<entry valign="top" rowsep="1">Comment</entry></row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry valign="top">Add an abbreviation<indexterm>abbreviations<indexterm>adding new ones</indexterm></indexterm></entry>
<entry valign="top">Translate menu, "Add an abbreviation"</entry>
<entry valign="top">Adds the term where the cursor is positioned to
your abbreviation list.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">Automatic substitution <indexterm>automatic
substitution</indexterm></entry>
<entry valign="top">Translate menu, "Automatic substitution"</entry>
<entry valign="top">Replaces segments for which a translation has
been found in the Translation Memory by their previous translation.
Automatic substitution stops when no exact match or more than one
exact match has been found.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">Change display style of markup tags </entry>
<entry valign="top">Style menu, "Protect", "Unprotect", "Hide", "Shrink", "Compact"</entry>
<entry valign="top">Displays the markup information in a document
according to the selected style. To avoid overtyping by mistake, all
markup tags are protected by default.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">Copy dictionary proposal <indexterm>dictionary<indexterm>copying
proposals</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>copying<indexterm>dictionary proposals</indexterm></indexterm></entry>
<entry valign="top">Ctrl+letter of proposal</entry>
<entry valign="top">Inserts the translation proposal at
the current cursor position. The first 26 dictionary entries are preceded
by a to z, the entries 27 to 52 are preceded by A to Z. Entries beyond
52 are preceded by an asterisk (*) and must be copied from
the clipboard using Copy and Paste.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">Copy Translation Memory proposal <indexterm>copying<indexterm>Translation Memory proposals</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>Translation Memory<indexterm>copying proposals</indexterm></indexterm></entry>
<entry valign="top">Ctrl+number of proposal</entry>
<entry valign="top">Replaces the active segment with the
translation proposal. See <xref href="movemarked.dita#movemarked"/> for information
on how to copy a marked part of a translation proposal.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">Delete Translation Memory proposal <indexterm>deleting<indexterm>Translation Memory proposals</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>Translation Memory<indexterm>deleting proposals</indexterm></indexterm></entry>
<entry valign="top">"Delete" key while cursor is on proposal</entry>
<entry valign="top">Lets you remove translation proposals from the
Translation Memory, for example, translations that have been added
by mistake.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">Display exact <b>and</b> fuzzy
proposals </entry>
<entry valign="top">To be assigned</entry>
<entry valign="top">Displays fuzzy translation proposals in addition
to an exact one in the <q>Translation Memory</q> window. Is useful
for viewing more than one translation possibility for a segment.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">Edit abbreviations<indexterm>abbreviations<indexterm>updating</indexterm></indexterm> </entry>
<entry valign="top">Translate menu, "Edit abbreviations..."</entry>
<entry valign="top">Enables the extension and update of abbreviations
defined for the selected language-support file.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">Edit addendum terms <indexterm>spellchecker
addendum, updating</indexterm></entry>
<entry valign="top">Spellcheck menu, "Edit addendum terms..."</entry>
<entry valign="top">Lets you modify or remove terms which have been
added to the spellchecker addendum (for example, terms that have been
added by mistake).</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">Edit an entry in a dictionary </entry>
<entry valign="top">Translate menu, "Edit a term...", or positioning
cursor on term in <q>Dictionary</q> window and double-clicking mouse
button 2</entry>
<entry valign="top">Lets you edit a found entry or add a new one while
translating. To edit a multiword term, all components of the term
must be marked first.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">Look up a sentence in the Translation Memory <indexterm>looking up<indexterm>sentences in a Translation Memory</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>Translation Memory<indexterm>looking up sentences</indexterm></indexterm></entry>
<entry valign="top">Options menu, "Sentence lookup..."</entry>
<entry valign="top">Looks up a sentence in the Translation Memory
while you translate.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">Look up a term in a dictionary <indexterm>looking up<indexterm>terms in a dictionary</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>editing<indexterm>dictionary
entries</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>dictionary<indexterm>looking up terms</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>dictionary<indexterm>editing entries</indexterm></indexterm></entry>
<entry valign="top">Translate menu, "Look up a term...", or
positioning cursor on term in <q>Dictionary</q> window and double-clicking
mouse button 1</entry>
<entry valign="top">Looks up entry of term where the cursor is positioned.
To look up a multiword term, all components of the term must be marked
first.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">Postedit<indexterm>postediting</indexterm><indexterm>translations<indexterm>revising</indexterm></indexterm></entry>
<entry valign="top">Translate menu, "Postediting"</entry>
<entry valign="top">Lets you revise what you translated. Whatever
you change in the translation is automatically changed in the Translation
Memory.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">Spellcheck <indexterm>translations<indexterm>spellchecking</indexterm></indexterm></entry>
<entry valign="top">Spellcheck menu, "File" or "Segment"</entry>
<entry valign="top">Checks the spelling of a translated document or
an individual segment.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top"><indexterm>toggling first character of dictionary</indexterm>Toggle first character of dictionary proposal<indexterm>editor functions<indexterm>toggling first character of dictionary proposal</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>dictionary<indexterm>toggling first character of proposal</indexterm></indexterm></entry>
<entry valign="top">Options menu, "Keys..."</entry>
<entry valign="top">Changes the first character of the dictionary
proposal from uppercase to lowercase, and vice versa. If the dictionary
proposal consists of several words, it changes the first character
of the word where the cursor is placed. This function does not apply
to DBCS characters.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">View another document <indexterm>translations<indexterm>referring
to other documents while translating</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>document<indexterm>opening more documents while translating</indexterm></indexterm></entry>
<entry valign="top">File menu, "Open..."</entry>
<entry valign="top">Opens another document for checking purposes while
translating. Parts of this document can be marked for copying into
the document you currently translate.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">View original <indexterm>document<indexterm>displaying
original while translating</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>original document,
viewing</indexterm></entry>
<entry valign="top">File menu, "Original window"</entry>
<entry valign="top">Displays the source document while translating.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">View source of a translation proposal <indexterm>Translation Memory matches<indexterm>displaying corresponding sources</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>matches<indexterm>displaying corresponding sources</indexterm></indexterm></entry>
<entry valign="top">Filemenu, "Source of Proposal", or double-clicking
mouse button 1 while being in proposal window</entry>
<entry valign="top">Displays the source of a translation proposal.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">View table of contents<indexterm>Translation Environment<indexterm>displaying
tables of contents</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>document<indexterm>displaying
tables of contents</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>viewing<indexterm>tables
of contents</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>displaying<indexterm>tables of
contents</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>table of contents<indexterm>displaying</indexterm></indexterm></entry>
<entry valign="top">Cursor menu, "Special go to..."</entry>
<entry valign="top">Displays a table of contents of the document being
translated. Double-clicking an item directly takes you to this item
in the document.
<p>To enable the display, you must include a specific
tag in your markup table (see <xref href="markupsgml.dita#markupsgml/classid">classid</xref>).</p></entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">View translation<indexterm>Translation Environment<indexterm>displaying
translations</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>document<indexterm>displaying translations</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>viewing<indexterm>translations</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>displaying<indexterm>translations</indexterm></indexterm></entry>
<entry valign="top">Translate menu, "Show translation"</entry>
<entry valign="top">Displays the translation document in HTML, RTF,
or <tm trademark="Microsoft" tmowner="Microsoft Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="special">Microsoft</tm> Word format. Prerequisite is the
availability of the WebBrowser control.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">View translator’s notes<indexterm>Translation Environment<indexterm>displaying
translator’s notes</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>document<indexterm>displaying
notes</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>viewing<indexterm>translator’s notes</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>displaying<indexterm>translator’s notes</indexterm></indexterm></entry>
<entry valign="top">To be assigned</entry>
<entry valign="top">Displays the notes for the translator that are
contained in the source document.</entry></row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</body></topic>