<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="api_EqfCreateITM">
  <title>EqfCreateITM</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <title>Purpose</title>
      <indexterm>EqfCreateITM</indexterm>
      <indexterm>programming interface calls<indexterm>EqfCreateITM</indexterm></indexterm>
      <p><i>EqfCreateITM</i> creates an Initial Translation Memory (ITM) database from
        an existing Translation Memory. It can create an internal Translation Memory and an external
        Translation Memory. The internal Translation Memory must not be filled.</p>
      <p>Important hint: If you want to generate a source English-English memory (i.e. a memory
        where the source sentence and the target sentence are identical), please always use
        EQFArchiveTM function with the option SOURCESOURCEMEM_OPT.</p>
    </section>
    <refsyn>
      <title>Format</title>
      <syntaxdiagram>
        <groupseq>
          <kwd>usRC</kwd>
          <oper> = </oper>
          <kwd>EqfCreateITM</kwd>
          <delim>(</delim>
          <var>hSession</var>
          <sep>,</sep>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <var>pszMemDB</var>
          <sep>,</sep>
        </groupseq>
        <fragref>pszFilePairs</fragref>
        <groupseq>
          <var>pszMarkup</var>
          <sep>,</sep>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <var importance="optional">pszSGMLMemFile</var>
          <sep>,</sep>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <var>pszSourceLanguage</var>
          <sep>,</sep>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <var>pszTargetLanguage</var>
          <sep>,</sep>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <var importance="optional">pszSourceStartPath</var>
          <sep>,</sep>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <var importance="optional">pszTargetStartPath</var>
          <sep>,</sep>
        </groupseq>
        <fragref>lType</fragref>
        <groupseq>
          <delim>)</delim>
          <sep>;</sep>
        </groupseq>
        <fragment>
          <title>pszFilePairs</title>
          <groupseq>
            <groupseq importance="required">
              <repsep>,</repsep>
              <var>pszSourceFile</var>
              <sep>,</sep>
              <var>pszTranslationFile</var>
            </groupseq>
            <sep>,</sep>
          </groupseq>
        </fragment>
        <fragment>
          <title>lType</title>
          <groupchoice importance="required">
            <repsep>|</repsep>
            <kwd>NOANA_TYP</kwd>
            <kwd>NOTM_TYP</kwd>
            <kwd>PREPARE_TYP</kwd>
          </groupchoice>
        </fragment>
      </syntaxdiagram>
    </refsyn>
    <section>
      <title>Parameters</title>
      <table pgwide="0" frame="topbot" colsep="1" rowsep="1">
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colname="col1" colwidth="53*"/>
          <colspec colname="col2" colwidth="82*"/>
          <colspec colname="col3" colwidth="154*"/>
          <thead valign="top">
            <row>
              <entry align="left">Type</entry>
              <entry align="left">Parameter</entry>
              <entry align="left">Description </entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">HSESSION</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">hSession</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">The EQF session handle, as returned by
                <i>EqfStartSession</i>.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">pszMemDB</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">The name of a previously created <keyword
                  conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> Translation Memory (without the
                file extension). This Translation Memory can still be empty. It can be filled with
                original segments and their corresponding translations.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">pszFilePairs</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">List of file names to use when creating the ITM, in the form
                  <codeph>(original1, translation1, original2, translation2)</codeph>.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">pszMarkup</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">The name of the markup table, for example
                  <codeph>EQFMRI</codeph>.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">pszSGMLMemFile</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">The name you want to give to the external ITM, and the path
                where it is to be located. The ITM is in SGML format and can subsequently be
                imported into <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> after you
                have checked it.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">pszSourceLanguage</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">The source language for the documents in this folder. Specify
                the language exactly as it appears in the <q>Language List</q> window, for example
                  <codeph>English(U.S.)</codeph>.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">pszTargetLanguage</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">The target language for the documents in this folder. Specify
                the language exactly as it appears in the <q>Language List</q> window, for example
                  <codeph>English(U.S.)</codeph>.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">pszSourceStartPath</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">The path information that you do <i>not</i> want to become part
                of the document name when the original document is stored in the Initial Translation
                Memory. <p>For example, if your source file is stored in
                    <codeph>e:\tm\project\english</codeph>, and you do not want
                    <codeph>e:\tm\project</codeph> to become part of the name under which it is
                  stored, specify <codeph>e:\tm\project</codeph>.</p>
                <p>The path you specify here can differ from the <i>pszTargetStartPath</i>. However,
                  if you specify a source start path, you must also specify a
                    <i>pszTargetStartPath</i>.</p></entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">pszTargetStartPath</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">The path information that you do <b>not</b> want to become part
                of the document name when the target document is stored in the Initial Translation
                Memory. <p>For example, if your source file is stored in
                    <codeph>e:\tm\project\english</codeph> and you do not want
                    <codeph>e:\tm\project</codeph> to become part of the name under which it is
                  stored, specify <codeph>e:\tm\project</codeph>. </p>
                <p>The path you specify here can differ from the <i>pszSourceStartPath</i>. However,
                  if you specify a source start path, you must also specify a
                    <i>pszSourceStartPath</i>.</p></entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">LONG</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">lType</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">One or more of the following: <ul>
                  <li>NOANA_TYP <p>Do not analyze the selected files because they have already been
                      analyzed by <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"
                    />.</p></li>
                  <li>NOTM_TYP <p>Do not fill the internal Translation Memory (<i>pszMemDB</i>).
                      Fill the external Translation Memory. It is in SGML format and you can check
                      it afterwards.</p></li>
                  <li>PREPARE_TYP <p>The source documents are related to their corresponding
                      translations. The file pairs are prefixed with <b>p</b>.</p></li>
                </ul>
                <p>You can combine the options using OR.</p></entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Return code</title>
      <p>USHORT</p>
      <table pgwide="0" frame="topbot" colsep="1" rowsep="1">
        <tgroup cols="2">
          <colspec colname="col1" align="left" colwidth="40*"/>
          <colspec colname="col2" align="left" colwidth="157*"/>
          <thead valign="top">
            <row>
              <entry align="left">Value</entry>
              <entry align="left">Description</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">0 (NO_ERROR)</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The function completed successfully.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">other</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">Error code (EQF message number). Use <i>EqfGetLastError</i> to
                retrieve the complete error information.</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
    <example>
      <title>Code sample</title>
      <codeblock>{
  USHORT usRC = 0;
  HSESSION hSession = 0L;

  // start the Eqf calling interface session
  usRC = EqfStartSession(&amp;hSession);

  // Create a new Initial Translation Memory TestITM
  if ( !usRC )
  {
    usRC = EqfCreateITM(hSession, "TestITM", 
                        "E:\TM\PROJECT\ENFGLISH\original1,
                         E:\TM\PROJECT\GERMAN\translation1",
                        "EQFASCII", NULL, 
                        "English(U.S.)", "German(national)",
                        "E:\TM\PROJECT", "E:\TM\PROJECT", 0);
   } //endif

  // terminate the session
  EqfEndSession( hSession );
}</codeblock>
    </example>
  </refbody>
</reference>
