<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="api_EqfCreateControlledFolder">
<title>EqfCreateControlledFolder</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title><indexterm>EqfCreateControlledFolder</indexterm><indexterm>programming interface calls<indexterm>EqfCreateControlledFolder</indexterm></indexterm>
<p><i>EqfCreateControlledFolder</i> creates a new
controlled folder by using the specified values. Configure the target
drive for the folder using the <q>Configure Drives</q> window of <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>.</p>
</section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title>
<syntaxdiagram>
<groupseq><kwd>usRC</kwd><oper> = </oper><kwd>EqfCreateControlledFolder</kwd><delim>(</delim><var>hSession</var><sep>,</sep><var>pszFolderName</var><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><var>pszDescription</var></groupseq><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><var>chTargetDrive</var></groupseq><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq><var>pszTransMem</var><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq><var>pszMarkup</var><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><var>pszEditor</var></groupseq><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional">
<groupseq><repsep>,</repsep><var>pszDictionaries</var></groupseq></groupseq><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq><var>pszSourceLanguage</var><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq><var>pszTargetLanguage</var><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><var>pszConversion</var></groupseq><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional">
<groupseq><repsep>,</repsep><var>pszReadOnlyMems</var></groupseq></groupseq><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq><var>pszPassword</var><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><var>pszProjCoordName</var></groupseq><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><var>pszProjCoordMail</var></groupseq><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><var>pszTranslatorName</var></groupseq><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><var>pszTranslatorMail</var></groupseq><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><var>pszProductName</var></groupseq><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><var>pszProductFamily</var><sep>,</sep></groupseq></groupseq>
<groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><var>pszSimilarProduct</var></groupseq><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><var>pszProductDict</var></groupseq><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><var>pszProductMem</var></groupseq><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><var>pszPreviousVersion</var></groupseq><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><var>pszVersion</var></groupseq><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><var>pszShipmentNumber</var></groupseq><delim>)</delim><sep>;</sep></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
</refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title>
<table pgwide="0" frame="topbot" colsep="1" rowsep="1">
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="53*"/>
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="82*"/>
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="154*"/>
<thead valign="top">
<row>
<entry align="left">Type</entry>
<entry align="left">Parameter</entry>
<entry align="left">Description </entry></row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">HSESSION</entry>
<entry colname="col2">hSession</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The EQF session handle, as returned by <i>EqfStartSession</i>.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszFolderName</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The name of the folder to be created.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszDescription</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The folder description, or <codeph>NULL</codeph>.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">CHAR</entry>
<entry colname="col2">chTargetDrive</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The target drive for the new folder. If omitted,
the primary EQF drive is used. The drive must be the primary EQF drive
or one of the secondary EQF drives defined in the <q>Configure Drives</q> window.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszTransMem</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The name of the Translation Memory to be used
for the documents in the new folder.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszMarkup</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The name of the markup table, for example EQFMRI.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszEditor</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The name of the editor. If not specified, the
editor STANDARD is used.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszDictionaries</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The list of dictionaries to be used during translation.
You can specify up to 10 dictionaries.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszSourceLanguage</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The source language for the documents in this
folder. Specify the language exactly as it appears in the <q>Language
List</q> window, for example <codeph>English(U.S.)</codeph>.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszTargetLanguage</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The target language for the documents in this
folder. Specify the language exactly as it appears in the <q>Language
List</q> window, for example <codeph>English(U.S.)</codeph>. The target
language must  different from the source language.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszConversion</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The export conversion type, or <codeph>NULL</codeph> for
no conversion.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszReadOnlyMems</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The list of Translation Memories to search through
during translation, or <codeph>NULL</codeph>. You can specify up to 4 Translation
Memories.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszPassword</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The password to protect the folder against changes.
The password can be up to six characters long.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszProjCoordName</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The name of the project coordinator, or <codeph>NULL</codeph>.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszProjCoordMail</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The e-mail address of the project coordinator,
or <codeph>NULL</codeph>.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszTranslatorName</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The name of the translator responsible for this
folder, or <codeph>NULL</codeph>.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszTranslatorMail</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The e-mail address of the translator, or <codeph>NULL</codeph>.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszProductName</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The product name this folder is assigned to,
or <codeph>NULL</codeph>.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszProductFamily</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The product family this folder is assigned to,
or <codeph>NULL</codeph>.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszSimilarProduct</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The name of a similar product this folder is
assigned to, <codeph>NULL</codeph>.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszProductDict</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The product-specific dictionary to be used during
translation, or <codeph>NULL</codeph>.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszProductMem</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The product-specific memory to be used during
translation, or <codeph>NULL</codeph>.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszPreviousVersion</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The previous version number of the product specified
above, or <codeph>NULL</codeph>.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszVersion</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The actual version number of the product specified
above, or <codeph>NULL</codeph>.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszShipmentNumber</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The number of the shipment, or <codeph>NULL</codeph>.</entry></row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
<section><title>Return code</title>
<p>USHORT</p>
<table pgwide="0" frame="topbot" colsep="1" rowsep="1">
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="40*"/>
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="157*"/>
<thead valign="top">
<row>
<entry align="left">Value</entry>
<entry align="left">Description</entry></row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">0 (NO_ERROR)</entry>
<entry colname="col2">The function completed successfully.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">other</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Error code (EQF message number). Use <i>EqfGetLastError</i> to retrieve the complete error
information.</entry></row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
<example><title>Code sample</title>
<codeblock>{
  USHORT usRC = 0;
  HSESSION hSession = 0L;

  // start the Eqf calling interface session
  usRC = EqfStartSession(&amp;hSession);

  // Create a new controlled folder name 'Test' on the 
  // primary Eqf drive
  if ( !usRC )
  {
    usRC = EqfCreateControlledFolder(hSession, "Test", 
                             "Description of folder Test",
                             '\0', // use primary Eqf drive
                             "MEM1", "EQFASCII", 
                             "STANDARD", "DICT1,ENGLGERM", 
                             "English(U.S.)","German(national)",
                             NULL, NULL, "passwd",
                             "ProjCoordName", "ProjCoordMail",
                             "TranslatorName","TranslatorMail", NULL,
                             "Family", NULL, "Dict", "MemoryName",
                             "1.0", "2.0", "1");
  } //endif

  // terminate the session
  EqfEndSession( hSession );
}</codeblock>
</example></refbody></reference>