<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="api_EqfExportSegs">
<title><!--rev=as01042005-->EqfExportSegs</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title><indexterm>EqfExportSegs</indexterm><indexterm>programming interface calls<indexterm>EqfExportSegs</indexterm></indexterm>
<p><i>EqfExportSegs</i> lets you export segments
within specific tag groups.</p>
</section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title>
<syntaxdiagram>
<groupseq><kwd>usRC</kwd><oper> = </oper><kwd>EqfExportSegs</kwd><delim>(</delim><var>hSession</var><sep>,</sep><var>pszFolderName</var><sep>,</sep><var>pszDocuments</var><sep>,</sep><var>pszStartStopFile</var><sep>,</sep><var>pszOutFile</var></groupseq>
<groupseq><sep>,</sep><var>lOptions</var><delim>)</delim><sep>;</sep></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
</refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title>
<table pgwide="0" frame="topbot" colsep="1" rowsep="1">
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="53*"/>
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="82*"/>
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="154*"/>
<thead valign="top">
<row>
<entry align="left">Type</entry>
<entry align="left">Parameter</entry>
<entry align="left">Description </entry></row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">HSESSION</entry>
<entry colname="col2">hSession</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The EQF session handle, as returned by <i>EqfStartSession</i>.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszFolderName</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The name of the folder.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszDocuments</entry>
<entry colname="col3">List of documents or NULL</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszStartStopFile</entry>
<entry colname="col3">File name of the text file containing the list
of start stop tags.The list of start/stop tags is a plain text file.
Each text line of the file contains a start and stop tag separated
by a comma. The start and stop tag can be enclosed in double-quotes.
<codeblock>Sample: </codeblock>
<p>&lt;title&gt;,&lt;/title&gt;</p>
<p>"&lt;h1&gt;","&lt;/h1&gt;"</p></entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszOutFile</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The name of the output file receiving the segments
in the memory export format. The file is in Unicode (UTF-16) encoding.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">LONG</entry>
<entry colname="col2">lOptions</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Options for the EqfExportSegs function: 
<ul>
<li>OVERWRITE_OPT to overwite any existing output file</li>
<li>COMPLETE_IN_ONE_CALL to perform the export in one single call.
Without using this option the function has to be called repetitively
 until the function return code is not CONTINUE_RC </li>
</ul></entry></row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
<section><title>Return code</title>
<p>USHORT</p>
<table pgwide="0" frame="topbot" colsep="1" rowsep="1">
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="col1" align="left" colwidth="40*"/>
<colspec colname="col2" align="left" colwidth="157*"/>
<thead valign="top">
<row>
<entry align="left">Value</entry>
<entry align="left">Description</entry></row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">0 (NO_ERROR)</entry>
<entry colname="col2">The function completed successfully.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">CONTINUE_RC</entry>
<entry colname="col2">The function processed a small unit of work
and is ready to process the next unit.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">other</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Error code (EQF message number). Use EqfGetLastError
to retrieve the complete error information.</entry></row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
<example><title>Code sample</title>
<codeblock>{
  USHORT usRC = 0;
  HSESSION hSession = 0L;

  // start the Eqf calling interface session
  usRC = EqfStartSession(&amp;hSession);    
  // Export the segments in the title of the documents of folder test    
   if ( !usRC )   
{     usRC = EqfExportSergs(hSession, "test", NULL, "C:\MyDocs\taglist.txt",
                                "C:\MyDocs\output.exp", COMPLETE_IN_ONE_CALL );   
} //endif

// terminate the session
EqfEndSession( hSession );
}</codeblock>
</example></refbody></reference>