<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="edit_EQFGETDICT">
<title>EQFGETDICT</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title><indexterm>EQFGETDICT</indexterm><indexterm>programming interface calls<indexterm>EQFGETDICT</indexterm></indexterm>
<p><i>EQFGETDICT</i> retrieves the selected dictionary
word and copies it into the provided buffer.</p>
<p><codeph>EQF_UP</codeph> or <codeph>EQF_DOWN</codeph> scrolls the contents
of the <q>Dictionary</q> window in the selected direction, if possible. <codeph>EQF_LOOKUP</codeph> can
be used to retrieve the selected dictionary lookup term. The appropriate
return code is set if the dictionary lookup is pending or no term
is selected. <codeph>EQF_UP</codeph>, <codeph>EQF_DOWN</codeph>, and <codeph>EQF_LOOKUP</codeph> are
defined in the file <codeph>EQFTWBS.H</codeph>.</p>
</section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title>
<syntaxdiagram>
<groupseq><kwd>EQFGETDICT</kwd><delim>(</delim><var>usNum</var><sep>,</sep><var>pszBuffer</var><delim>)</delim></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
</refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title>
<parml>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>usNum(USHORT)</var></synph> — input</pt>
<pd>The number of the selected dictionary word (0...9, EQF_UP,
EQF_DOWN, EQF_LOOKUP).</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>pszBuffer(PSTRING)</var></synph> — output</pt>
<pd>The buffer for the dictionary word. It must have a length of <codeph>EQF_BUFFERLEN</codeph>. <codeph>EQF_BUFFERLEN</codeph> is
defined in the file <codeph>EQFTWBS.H</codeph>.</pd></plentry>
</parml>
</section>
<section><title>Return codes</title>
<dl>
<dlentry><dt>EQFERR_ENTRY_NOT_AVAIL</dt>
<dd>The selected dictionary entry is not available.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>EQF_OKAY</dt>
<dd>The selected dictionary term is available and copied into the
provided buffer.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>EQFERR_INIT</dt>
<dd>The system must first be initialized.</dd></dlentry>
</dl>
</section>
<section><title>Remarks</title>
<p>If the selected dictionary word is not available, a warning message
is issued.</p>
</section></refbody></reference>