<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="edit_EQFSAVESEG">
<title>EQFSAVESEG</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title><indexterm>EQFSAVESEG</indexterm><indexterm>programming interface calls<indexterm>EQFSAVESEG</indexterm></indexterm>
<p><i>EQFSAVESEG</i> saves the passed segment information
in the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>.</p>
</section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title>
<syntaxdiagram>
<groupseq><kwd>EQFSAVESEG</kwd><delim>(</delim><var>pszBuffer1</var><sep>,</sep><var>pszBuffer2</var><sep>,</sep><var>usSegNum</var><delim>)</delim></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
</refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title>
<parml>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>pszBuffer1(PSTRING)</var></synph> — input</pt>
<pd>The buffer for the source segment. It must have a length of <codeph>EQF_BUFFERLEN</codeph>. <codeph>EQF_BUFFERLEN</codeph> is
defined in the file <codeph>EQFTWBS.H</codeph>.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>pszBuffer2(PSTRING)</var></synph> — input</pt>
<pd>The buffer for the translated segment. It must have a length
of <codeph>EQF_BUFFERLEN</codeph>. <codeph>EQF_BUFFERLEN</codeph> is defined
in the file <codeph>EQFTWBS.H</codeph>.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>usSegNum(USHORT)</var></synph> — input</pt>
<pd>The segment number.</pd></plentry>
</parml>
</section>
<section><title>Return codes</title>
<dl>
<dlentry><dt>EQFERR_DISK_FULL</dt>
<dd><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> detected that the disk is full.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>EQFERR_TM_NOT_ACTIVE</dt>
<dd>The <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> is not active.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>EQFERR_SEG_EMPTY</dt>
<dd>The passed segment was empty and therefore was not stored in
the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>EQF_OKAY</dt>
<dd>The dictionary term is selected and copied into the provided
buffer.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>EQFERR_INIT</dt>
<dd>The system must first be initialized.</dd></dlentry>
</dl>
</section>
<section><title>Remarks</title>
<p>The editor must ensure that only correct data is saved in the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>.
This means that the application must first check the spelling of the
data.</p>
</section></refbody></reference>