<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="edit_EQFDICTLOOK">
<title>EQFDICTLOOK</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title><indexterm>EQFDICTLOOK</indexterm><indexterm>programming interface calls<indexterm>EQFDICTLOOK</indexterm></indexterm>
<p><i>EQFDICTLOOK</i> invokes the dictionary lookup
dialog.</p>
</section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title>
<syntaxdiagram>
<groupseq><kwd>EQFDICTLOOK</kwd><delim>(</delim><var>pszBuffer1</var><sep>,</sep><var>pszBuffer2</var><sep>,</sep><var>usCursorPos</var><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq><var>fSource</var><delim>)</delim></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
</refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title>
<parml>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>pszBuffer1(PSTRING)</var></synph> — input</pt>
<pd>The buffer for the active segment. It must have a length of <codeph>EQF_BUFFERLEN</codeph>. <codeph>EQF_BUFFERLEN</codeph> is
defined in the file <codeph>EQFTWBS.H</codeph>.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>pszBuffer2(PSTRING)</var></synph> — input</pt>
<pd>The buffer for the marked area. It must have a length of <codeph>EQF_BUFFERLEN</codeph>. <codeph>EQF_BUFFERLEN</codeph> is
defined in the file <codeph>EQFTWBS.H</codeph>.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>usCursorPos(USHORT)</var></synph> — output</pt>
<pd>The position of the input cursor.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>fSource</var></synph> — output</pt>
<pd>Determines whether the term looked up is in the source or target
language (not used in the current <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> version).</pd></plentry>
</parml>
</section>
<section><title>Return codes</title>
<dl>
<dlentry><dt>EQFERR_DICTLOOK_NOT_FOUND</dt>
<dd>The dictionary lookup dialog could not be loaded.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>EQF_OKAY</dt>
<dd>The dictionary term is selected and copied into the provided
buffer.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>EQFERR_INIT</dt>
<dd>The system must first be initialized.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>EQFERR_DICT_LOOKUP_PENDING</dt>
<dd>The dictionary lookup request is pending.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>EQFERR_NO_ENTRY_AVAIL</dt>
<dd>The dictionary entry is not available.</dd></dlentry>
</dl>
</section>
<section><title>Remarks</title>
<p>EQFERR_DICT_LOOKUP_PENDING indicates that a dictionary
lookup is active. After selecting an entry or leaving the dictionary
lookup dialog, the return code is reset to either EQF_OKAY or EQF_NO_ENTRY_AVAIL.</p>
<p>From an editor’s point of view, this call is handled in the
same way as EQFGETDICT (see <ph otherprops="print">page <xref href="edit_EQFGETDICT.dita#edit_EQFGETDICT"/></ph><xref otherprops="display" href="edit_EQFGETDICT.dita#edit_EQFGETDICT"/>).</p>
</section></refbody></reference>