<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="edit_EQFSEGFILECONVERTASCII2UNICODE">
<title>EQFSEGFILECONVERTASCII2UNICODE</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title><indexterm>EQFSEGFILECONVERTASCII2- UNICODE</indexterm><indexterm>programming interface calls<indexterm>EQFSEGFILECONVERTASCII2- UNICODE</indexterm></indexterm>
<p><i>EQFSEGFILECONVERTASCII2UNICODE</i> gives the
possibility to convert the segmented ASCII file to UTF16-Unicode (EQFSEGFILECONVERTASCII2UNICODE).</p>
<p>EQFSegFileConvertASCII2Unicode are helper functions for user exits
which require the segmented files to be in ASCII whereas <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>
expects the segmented files to be saved in Unicode.</p>
<p>The pszInFile is converted from ASCII to Unicode and written as
the file pszOutFile. If the file pszOutFile already exists, it is
overwritten.  Only files which are correctly segmented, can be converted
with this API.</p>
</section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title>
<syntaxdiagram>
<groupseq><kwd>EQFSEGFILECONVERTASCII2UNICODE</kwd><delim>(</delim><var>pszInFile</var><sep>,</sep><var>pszOutFile</var><sep>,</sep><delim>)</delim></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
</refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title>
<parml>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>pszInFile(PSZ)</var></synph> — input</pt>
<pd>The fully qualified filename of a segmented file in ASCII format
which should be converted .</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>pszOutFile(PSZ)</var></synph> — input</pt>
<pd>the fully qualified filename of the file to which pszInFile
should be converted.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>usReturn(USHORT)</var></synph> — output</pt>
<pd/></plentry>
</parml>
</section>
<section><title>Return codes</title>
<dl>
<dlentry><dt>EQFRC_OK</dt>
<dd>successfully completed</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>ERROR_FILE_OPEN_FAILED</dt>
<dd>file read error</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>ERROR_STORAGE</dt>
<dd>allocation of memory failed.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>ERROR_FILE_INVALID_DATA</dt>
<dd>segmentation of file is erraneous</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>EQFRS_INVALID_PARM</dt>
<dd> table cannot be accessed</dd></dlentry>
</dl>
</section>
<section><title>Remarks</title>
<p>If the file pszOutFile exists already, it is overwritten. </p>
</section></refbody></reference>