<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="edit_EQFCONVERTFILENAMES">
  <title>EQFCONVERTFILENAMES</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <title>Purpose</title>
      <indexterm>EQFCONVERTFILENAMES</indexterm>
      <indexterm>programming interface calls<indexterm>EQFCONVERTFILENAMES</indexterm></indexterm>
      <p><i>EQFCONVERTFILENAMES</i> converts long file names into short file names, and vice
        versa.</p>
      <p>If the long file name is an empty string, the long file name is created from the short file
        name, and vice versa. If the short file name meets the 8.3 DOS naming conventions, the long
        file name is returned as a null pointer.</p>
    </section>
    <refsyn>
      <title>Format</title>
      <syntaxdiagram>
        <groupseq>
          <kwd>EQFCONVERTFILENAMES</kwd>
          <delim>(</delim>
          <var>pszFolder</var>
          <sep>,</sep>
          <var>pszLongFileName</var>
          <sep>,</sep>
          <var>pszShortFileName</var>
          <delim>)</delim>
        </groupseq>
      </syntaxdiagram>
    </refsyn>
    <section>
      <title>Parameters</title>
      <parml>
        <plentry>
          <pt><synph><var>pszFolder(PSTRING)</var></synph> — input</pt>
          <pd>The name of the folder with path information, for example
                <codeph><i>&lt;folder_drive&gt;</i>:\otm\<i>&lt;folder_name&gt;</i>.f00</codeph>.
                <codeph><i>&lt;folder_name&gt;</i></codeph> can be extracted from
              <codeph>pSegTarget</codeph> or <codeph>pSegSource</codeph> as defined in
              <codeph>eqf_xstart</codeph>.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt><synph><var>pszLongFileName(PSTRING)</var></synph> — input or output</pt>
          <pd>The long file name without path information. It is used to get the short file name. If
              <codeph>pszLongFileName==NULL</codeph>, <synph><var>pszLongFileName</var></synph> is
            output.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt><synph><var>pszShortFileName(PSTRING)</var></synph> — input or output</pt>
          <pd>The short file name (8.3 DOS naming convention) without path information. It is used
            to get the long file name. If <codeph>pszShortFileName==NULL</codeph>,
                <synph><var>pszShortFileName</var></synph> is output.</pd>
        </plentry>
      </parml>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Return codes</title>
      <p>A <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> return code as defined in the
        file <codeph>OS2TOWIN.H</codeph>. A return code of null indicates successful processing.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Remarks</title>
      <p>If a long file name is to be created from a short file name and the result is an empty
        string for <synph><var>pszLongFileName</var></synph>, the short file name applies to the 8.3
        naming conventions.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Notes</title>
      <p>Either <synph><var>pszLongFileName</var></synph> or
          <synph><var>pszShortFileName</var></synph> must be an empty string. The non-empty string
        must be a valid file name, otherwise an error is recorded.</p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
