<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="edit_Chapter">
  <title>Application programming interface for adding editors</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>
        <indexterm>editors, adding</indexterm>
        <indexterm>application programming interface<indexterm>for adding
          editors</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> provides an application
      programming interface (API) that lets you use various editors as translation editors. Using
      this API the editor can access all functions required for a translation, namely the 
      <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>, the automatic dictionary lookup, 
      and the dictionary lookup dialog. <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>
      prepares the <q>Dictionary</q> and <q><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/></q> 
      windows, establishes the communication links, handles all error conditions, and prepares and accesses 
      the dictionaries and <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmems"/>. The editor must 
      provide the end-user interface to access the provided services and handle the retrieved data.</p>
    <p>All API functions are provided as a dynamic-link library (DLL).</p>
    <p>An editor that can be used as a translation editor must meet the following requirements: 
      <ul>
        <li>Run as a <tm trademark="Presentation Manager" tmowner="IBM Corporation" tmtype="reg" tmclass="ibm">
            Presentation Manager</tm> application. A VIOwindowed application is not sufficient.</li>
        <li>Be programmable.</li>
        <li>Be able to access programs and DLLs written in C for multithread environments.</li>
        <li>Be able to recognize specific tags and extract and decompose text according to this information.</li>
      </ul></p>
    <p>The following sections describe the data types used by the API interface, possible error conditions, and 
      the individual API calls for the interface provided by <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>.</p>
  </body>
</topic>
