<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="edit_EQFQUERYEXITINFO">
  <title>EQFQUERYEXITINFO</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <title>Purpose</title>
      <indexterm>EQFQUERYEXITINFO</indexterm>
      <indexterm>programming interface calls<indexterm>EQFQUERYEXITINFO</indexterm></indexterm>
      <p>The entry point<i> EQFQUERYEXITINFO</i>in QUERYEXIT_ADDFILES mode is called by <keyword
          conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> during folder export when a markup
        table having a user exit is added to the exported folder.</p>
      <p> If the user exit requires other files beside the markup table (.TBL) file, the user exit
        DLL and the .markup table control file (.CHR) to be exported and imported with the folder it
        should place a list of these files in the supplied buffer area.</p>
      <p>The list of files is a comma separated list of file names terminated by a null character (C
        string syntax).</p>
      <p>The file names may not contain wildcard characters.</p>
      <p>All files are specified with their relative path in the \EQF directory.</p>
      <p>Files not located in the \EQF directory cannot be exported and imported using folder
        import.</p>
      <p>Example:</p>
      <p>The file list "TABLE\ADDFILE.CHR,WIN\MYDLL.DLL,WIN\LOCALE\XYZ.CNV" will export the files
        \OTM\TABLE\ADDFILE.CHR, \OTM\WIN\MYDLL.DLL and the file \OTM\WIN\LOCALE\YXZ.CNV in the
        exported folder. <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> versions prior
        to TP603 will only import the files contained in the \OTM\TABLE directory, files in other
        directories will be ignored.</p>
      <p>If the user exit places a list of additional files in the supplied buffer it should return
        a return code of zero all other values are assumed to be error codes.</p>
      <p>In the future there will be other modes of the entry point EQFQUERYEXITINFO, so the
        requested mode should be checked by the user exit.</p>
    </section>
    <refsyn>
      <title>Format</title>
      <syntaxdiagram>
        <groupseq>
          <kwd>EQFQUERYEXITINFO</kwd>
          <delim>(</delim>
          <var>pszTagTable</var>
          <sep>,</sep>
          <var>usMode</var>
          <sep>,</sep>
          <var>pszBuffer</var>
          <sep>,</sep>
          <var>usBufLen</var>
          <delim>)</delim>
        </groupseq>
      </syntaxdiagram>
    </refsyn>
    <section>
      <title>Parameters</title>
      <parml>
        <plentry>
          <pt><synph><var>pszTagTable(PSZ)</var></synph> — input</pt>
          <pd>The name of the active tag table; e.g. "IBMHTM32"</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt><synph><var>usMode(USHORT)</var></synph> — input</pt>
          <pd>Mode of the function, currently on "QUERYEXIT_ADDFILES" is being used</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt><synph><var>pszBuffer(PSZ)</var></synph> — input</pt>
          <pd>Points to a buffer which will receive the list of additional markup table files</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt><synph><var>usBufLen(USHORT)</var></synph>— input</pt>
          <pd>Length of the supplied buffer area in number of bytes</pd>
        </plentry>
      </parml>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Return codes</title>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>USHORT (zero = function completed successfully)</dt>
          <dd/>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
      <p>EXAMPLE:</p>
      <codeblock>USHORT APIENTRY16 EQFQUERYEXITINFO
(
  PSZ pszTagTable,                     // name of the markup table, e.g. "IBMHTM32"
  USHORT usMode,                       // type of information being queried
  PSZ pszBuffer,                       // buffer area receiving the information 
                                          returned by the exit
  USHORT usBufLen                      // length of buffer area
)
{
switch( usMode )
{
case QUERYEXIT_ADDFILES:
  strcpy( pszBuffer, "TABLE\MYINFO.CTL,WIN\MYDLL.DLL" );
  break;
default:
  usRC = 1;                       // mode is not supported by user exit
  } /* endswitch */
} /* end of function EQFQUERYEXITINFO */
In this sample the files "\OTM\TABLE\MYINFO.CTL" and "\OTM\WIN\MYDLL.DLL"  
are exported within the exported folder package.</codeblock>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
