<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00501">
<title><!--rev=as01042005-->EqfImportDoc</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title><indexterm>EqfImportDoc</indexterm><indexterm>programming interface calls<indexterm>EqfImportDoc</indexterm></indexterm>
<p><i>EqfImportDoc</i> imports one or more documents
and sets the document properties to the specified values. The specified
values apply to all documents to be imported. If a document needs
different settings, for example a different markup, import it separately.</p>
<p>This function performs the import in small units. Call it repetitively
until it returns a return code other than CONTINUE_RC.</p>
</section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title>
<syntaxdiagram>
<groupseq><kwd>usRC</kwd><oper> = </oper><kwd>EqfImportDoc</kwd><delim>(</delim><var>hSession</var><sep>,</sep><var>pszFolderName</var><sep>,</sep>
<groupseq><repsep>,</repsep><var>pszFiles</var></groupseq></groupseq>
<groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><sep>,</sep><var importance="optional">pszTransMem</var>
<groupseq importance="optional"><sep>,</sep><var importance="optional">pszMarkup</var>
<groupseq importance="optional"><sep>,</sep><var importance="optional">pszEditor</var>
<groupseq importance="optional"><sep>,</sep><var importance="optional">pszSourceLanguage</var></groupseq></groupseq></groupseq></groupseq></groupseq>
<groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><sep>,</sep><var importance="optional">pszTargetLanguage</var>
<groupseq importance="optional"><sep>,</sep><var importance="optional">pszAlias</var></groupseq></groupseq><var>pszStartPath</var><sep>,</sep><var>pszConversion</var><sep>,</sep>
<groupseq importance="optional"><sep>,</sep><kwd>OVERWRITE_OPT</kwd></groupseq><delim>)</delim><sep>;</sep></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
</refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title>
<table pgwide="0" frame="topbot" colsep="1" rowsep="1">
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="53*"/>
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="82*"/>
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="154*"/>
<thead valign="top">
<row>
<entry align="left">Type</entry>
<entry align="left">Parameter</entry>
<entry align="left">Description </entry></row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">HSESSION</entry>
<entry colname="col2">hSession</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The EQF session handle, as returned by <i>EqfStartSession</i>.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszFolderName</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The name of the folder receiving the documents.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszStartPath</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The start path if the documents are to be imported
with relative path information. If a start path is specified, the
files in the <synph><var>pszFiles</var></synph> list only contain the relative path.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszFiles</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The fully qualified name of the documents to
be imported.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszTransMem</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The name of the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> to be used for the document,
if different from that of the folder.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszMarkup</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The name of the markup table to be used for
the document, if different from that of the folder.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszEditor</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The name of the editor to be used for the document,
if different from that of the folder.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszSourceLanguage</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The name of the source language to be used for
the document, if different from that of the folder.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszTargetLanguage</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The name of the target language to be used for
the document, if different from that of the folder.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszAlias</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The alias name for the document.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">LONG</entry>
<entry colname="col2">lOptions</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The option to be used for the document import:
OVERWRITE_OPT to replace existing documents.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszConversion</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Conversion to be used for document or NULL</entry></row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
<section><title>Return code</title>
<p>USHORT</p>
<table pgwide="0" frame="topbot" colsep="1" rowsep="1">
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="col1" align="left" colwidth="40*"/>
<colspec colname="col2" align="left" colwidth="157*"/>
<thead valign="top">
<row>
<entry align="left">Value</entry>
<entry align="left">Description</entry></row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">0 (NO_ERROR)</entry>
<entry colname="col2">The function completed successfully.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">CONTINUE_RC</entry>
<entry colname="col2">The document import has not completed yet. Call <i>EqfImportDoc</i> again.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">other</entry>
<entry colname="col2"><ph otherprops="print">Error code (EQF message number).
Use <i>EqfGetLastError</i> (see <ph otherprops="print">page <xref href="eqfr5mst-00492.dita#eqfr5mst-00492"/></ph><xref otherprops="display" href="eqfr5mst-00492.dita#eqfr5mst-00492"/>) to retrieve the complete
error information.</ph><ph otherprops="display">Error code (EQF message
number). Use <xref href="eqfr5mst-00492.dita#eqfr5mst-00492"/> to retrieve the complete
error information.</ph></entry></row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
<example><title>Code sample</title>
<codeblock>{
  USHORT usRC = 0;
  HSESSION hSession = 0L;

  // start the Eqf calling interface session
  usRC = EqfStartSession( &amp;hSession );

  // Import the documents DOC1.TXT and DOC2.TXT into folder SAMPLE1 
  // and overwrite any existing documents, the format of the documents 
  // is to EQFASCII for all other settings the folder settings will be 
  // used
  if ( !usRC )
  {
    do
    {
      usRC = EqfImportDoc( hSession, "SAMPLE1", NULL, 
                           "C:\\DOC1.TXT,C:\\DOC2.TXT", 
                           NULL, "EQFASCII", NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL,
                           OVERWRITE_OPT );
    } while ( usRC == CONTINUE_RC );
  } /* endif */

  // terminate the session 
  EqfEndSession( hSession );
}</codeblock>
</example></refbody></reference>