<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00471">
<title><!--rev=as01042005-->EqfCreateFolder</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title><indexterm>EqfCreateFolder</indexterm><indexterm>programming interface calls<indexterm>EqfCreateFolder</indexterm></indexterm>
<p><i>EqfCreateFolder</i> creates a new folder by
using the specified values. Configure the target drive for the folder
using the <q>Configure Drives</q> window of <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>.</p>
</section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title>
<syntaxdiagram>
<groupseq><kwd>usRC</kwd><oper> = </oper><kwd>EqfCreateFolder</kwd><delim>(</delim><var>hSession</var><sep>,</sep><var>pszFolderName</var><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq><var importance="optional">pszDescription</var><sep>,</sep><var importance="optional">chTargetDrive</var><sep>,</sep><var>pszTransMem</var><sep>,</sep><var>pszMarkup</var><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq><var importance="optional">pszEditor</var><sep>,</sep>
<groupseq importance="optional">
<groupseq><repsep>,</repsep><var>pszDictionaries</var></groupseq></groupseq><sep>,</sep><var>pszSourceLanguage</var><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq><var>pszTargetLanguage</var><sep>,</sep><var>pszConversion</var><sep>,</sep><var>pszROMemory</var><delim>)</delim><sep>;</sep></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
</refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title>
<table pgwide="0" frame="topbot" colsep="1" rowsep="1">
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="53*"/>
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="82*"/>
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="154*"/>
<thead valign="top">
<row>
<entry align="left">Type</entry>
<entry align="left">Parameter</entry>
<entry align="left">Description </entry></row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">HSESSION</entry>
<entry colname="col2">hSession</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The EQF session handle, as returned by <i>EqfStartSession</i>.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszFolderName</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The name of the folder to be created.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszDescription</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The folder description, or <codeph>NULL</codeph>.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">CHAR</entry>
<entry colname="col2">chTargetDrive</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The target drive for the new folder. If omitted,
the primary EQF drive is used. The drive must be the primary EQF drive
or one of the secondary EQF drives defined in the <q>Configure Drives</q> window.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszTransMem</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The name of the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> to be used for the documents
in the new folder.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszMarkup</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The name of the markup table, for example EQFMRI.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszEditor</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The name of the editor. If not specified, the
editor STANDARD is used.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszDictionaries</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The list of dictionaries to be used during translation.
You can specify up to 10 dictionaries.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszSourceLanguage</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The source language for the documents in this
folder. Specify the language exactly as it appears in the <q>Language
List</q> window, for example <codeph>English(U.S.)</codeph>.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszTargetLanguage</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The target language for the documents in this
folder. Specify the language exactly as it appears in the <q>Language
List</q> window, for example <codeph>English(U.S.)</codeph>.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszConversion</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Conversion to be used for the folder or NULL</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszROMemory</entry>
<entry colname="col3">List of read-only memories to be searched or
NULL</entry></row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
<section><title>Return code</title>
<p>USHORT</p>
<table pgwide="0" frame="topbot" colsep="1" rowsep="1">
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="col1" align="left" colwidth="40*"/>
<colspec colname="col2" align="left" colwidth="157*"/>
<thead valign="top">
<row>
<entry align="left">Value</entry>
<entry align="left">Description</entry></row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">0 (NO_ERROR)</entry>
<entry colname="col2">The function completed successfully.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">other</entry>
<entry colname="col2"><ph otherprops="print">Error code (EQF message number).
Use <i>EqfGetLastError</i> (see <ph otherprops="print">page <xref href="eqfr5mst-00492.dita#eqfr5mst-00492"/></ph><xref otherprops="display" href="eqfr5mst-00492.dita#eqfr5mst-00492"/>) to retrieve the complete
error information.</ph><ph otherprops="display">Error code (EQF message
number). Use <xref href="eqfr5mst-00492.dita#eqfr5mst-00492"/> to retrieve the complete
error information.</ph></entry></row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
<example><title>Code sample</title>
<codeblock>{
  USHORT usRC = 0;
  HSESSION hSession = 0L;

  // start the Eqf calling interface session
  usRC = EqfStartSession( &amp;hSession );

  // Create a new folder name SAMPLE1 on the primary Eqf drive
  if ( !usRC )
  {
    usRC = EqfCreateFolder( hSession, "SAMPLE1", 
                            "Description of folder SAMPLE1",
                            '\0',     // use primary Eqf drive
                            "MEM01", "EQFASCII", "STANDARD", 
                            "DICT1,ENGLGERM", "English(U.S.)", 
                            "German(National)" );

  } /* endif */

  // terminate the session 
  EqfEndSession( hSession );
}</codeblock>
</example></refbody></reference>