<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00446">
<title>EQFTRANSSEG</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title><indexterm>EQFTRANSSEG</indexterm><indexterm>programming interface calls<indexterm>EQFTRANSSEG</indexterm></indexterm>
<p><i>EQFTRANSSEG</i> retrieves the information available
for the current segment and puts it into the internal waiting list.</p>
<p><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> handles the layout and scrolling of the <q>Dictionary</q> and <q><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/></q> windows
and the selection of entries.</p>
</section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title>
<syntaxdiagram>
<groupseq><kwd>EQFTRANSSEG</kwd><delim>(</delim><var>pszBuffer</var><sep>,</sep><var>usSegNum</var><sep>,</sep><var>fShow</var><sep>,</sep><var>fFlags</var><delim>)</delim></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
</refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title>
<parml>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>pszBuffer(PSTRING)</var></synph> — input</pt>
<pd>The buffer for the source segment. It must have a length of <codeph>EQF_BUFFERLEN</codeph>. <codeph>EQF_BUFFERLEN</codeph> is
defined in the file <codeph>EQFTWBS.H</codeph>.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>usSegNum(USHORT)</var></synph> — input</pt>
<pd>The segment number.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>fShow(BOOL)</var></synph> — input</pt>
<pd>Determines whether the segment must immediately be displayed
in the <q>Dictionary</q> or <q><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/></q> window:
<dl>
<dlentry><dt>TRUE</dt>
<dd>Put the segment into the <q>Dictionary</q> or <q><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/></q> window.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>FALSE</dt>
<dd>Use the segment information as sentence.</dd></dlentry>
</dl></pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>fFlags(FLAG)</var></synph> — input</pt>
<pd>Determines what is displayed:
<dl>
<dlentry><dt>EQF_NODICTWND</dt>
<dd>No <q>Dictionary</q> window is displayed.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>EQF_NOPROPWND</dt>
<dd>No <q><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/></q> window is displayed.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>EQF_NOAUTODICT</dt>
<dd>The automatic dictionary lookup is disabled.</dd></dlentry>
</dl></pd></plentry>
</parml>
</section>
<section><title>Return codes</title>
<dl>
<dlentry><dt>EQFERR_DISK_FULL</dt>
<dd><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> detected that the disk is full.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>EQFERR_TM_CORRUPTED</dt>
<dd>The <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> is corrupted.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>EQFERR_TM_ACCESS</dt>
<dd>The <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> could not be accessed.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>EQFERR_DICT_ACCESS</dt>
<dd>The dictionary or the dictionary lookup program could not be
accessed.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>EQF_OKAY</dt>
<dd>The request completed successfully.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>EQFERR_INIT</dt>
<dd>The system must first be initialized.</dd></dlentry>
</dl>
</section>
<section><title>Remarks</title>
<p>If <synph><var>fShow</var></synph> is set to FALSE, the success indicator is immediately
set to TRUE. In addition, the sentence is treated as a sentence and
processed in the background. Any error information produced during
background processing is stored and displayed when this segment is
displayed.</p>
<p>If <synph><var>fShow</var></synph> is set to TRUE, this call first checks if the
segment information is already prepared and can be immediately retrieved.
If this is not the case, it is processed in the foreground.</p>
<p>The EQF_NOAUTODICT flag is used to determine if the dynamic
dictionary lookup, which consumes a lot of performance, should be
skipped.</p>
</section></refbody></reference>