<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00484">
<title><!--rev=as01042005-->EqfExportFolderFP</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title><indexterm>EqfExportFolderFP</indexterm><indexterm>programming interface calls<indexterm>EqfExportFolderFP</indexterm></indexterm>
<p><i>EqfExportFolderFP</i> exports a folder to a
specific path.</p>
<p>This function performs the export in small units. Call it repetitively
until it returns a return code other than CONTINUE_RC.</p>
</section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title>
<syntaxdiagram>
<groupseq><kwd>usRC</kwd><oper> = </oper><kwd>EqfExportFolderFP</kwd><delim>(</delim><var>hSession</var><sep>,</sep><var>pszFolderName</var><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq><var>pszTargetPath</var>
<groupseq importance="optional"><sep>,</sep>
<groupchoice importance="optional"><kwd>WITHMEM_OPT</kwd><kwd>WITHREADONLYMEM_OPT</kwd><kwd>WITHDOCMEM_OPT</kwd><kwd>DELETE_OPT</kwd><kwd>WITHDICT_OPT</kwd><kwd>MASTERFOLDER_OPT</kwd><kwd>XLIFF_OPT</kwd><kwd>OVERWRITE_OPT</kwd></groupchoice></groupseq></groupseq>
<groupseq>
<groupseq importance="optional"><sep>,</sep>
<groupseq><repsep>,</repsep><var>pszDocuments</var></groupseq></groupseq><sep>,</sep><var importance="optional">pszDescription</var><delim>)</delim><sep>;</sep></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
</refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title>
<table pgwide="0" frame="topbot" colsep="1" rowsep="1">
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="53*"/>
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="82*"/>
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="154*"/>
<thead valign="top">
<row>
<entry align="left">Type</entry>
<entry align="left">Parameter</entry>
<entry align="left">Description </entry></row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">HSESSION</entry>
<entry colname="col2">hSession</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The EQF session handle, as returned by <i>EqfStartSession</i>.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszFolderName</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The name of the folder to be exported.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszDescription</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The folder description, or <codeph>NULL</codeph>.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszTargetPath</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The path to which the folder is exported.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">LONG</entry>
<entry colname="col2">lOptions</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The options to be used for the export:
<sl>
<sli>WITHMEM_OPT</sli>
<sli>WITHREADONLYMEM_OPT</sli>
<sli>WITHDOCMEM_OPT</sli>
<sli>DELETE_OPT</sli>
<sli>WITHDICT_OPT</sli>
<sli>MASTERFOLDER_OPT</sli>
<sli>XLIFF_OPT</sli>
<sli>OVERWRITE_OPT</sli>
</sl>
<p>These options correspond to those in the <q>Export Folder</q> window
(see <xref href="eqfr5mst-00208.dita#eqfr5mst-00208"/>).</p>
<p>You can combine the constants using
OR.</p> </entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszDocuments</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The name of one or more documents.</entry></row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
<section><title>Return code</title>
<p>USHORT</p>
<table pgwide="0" frame="topbot" colsep="1" rowsep="1">
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="col1" align="left" colwidth="40*"/>
<colspec colname="col2" align="left" colwidth="157*"/>
<thead valign="top">
<row>
<entry align="left">Value</entry>
<entry align="left">Description</entry></row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">0 (NO_ERROR)</entry>
<entry colname="col2">The function completed successfully.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">CONTINUE_RC</entry>
<entry colname="col2">The folder export has not completed yet. Call <i>EqfExportFolderFP</i> again.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">other</entry>
<entry colname="col2"><ph otherprops="print">Error code (EQF message number).
Use <i>EqfGetLastError</i> (see <ph otherprops="print">page <xref href="eqfr5mst-00492.dita#eqfr5mst-00492"/></ph><xref otherprops="display" href="eqfr5mst-00492.dita#eqfr5mst-00492"/>) to retrieve the complete
error information.</ph><ph otherprops="display">Error code (EQF message
number). Use <xref href="eqfr5mst-00492.dita#eqfr5mst-00492"/> to retrieve the complete
error information.</ph></entry></row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
<example><title>Code sample</title>
<codeblock>{
  USHORT usRC = 0;
  HSESSION hSession = 0L;

  // start the Eqf calling interface session
  usRC = EqfStartSession( &amp;hSession );

  // Export the folder SAMPLE1 to path C:\PROJECT with the 
  // folder Translation Memory and all folder dictionaries, 
  // overwrite any previously exported folder in path C:\PROJECT
  if ( !usRC )
  {
    do
    {
            usRC = EqfExportFolderFP( hSession, "SAMPLE1", 
                         'C:\PROJECT', 
                         WITHMEM_OPT | WITHDICT_OPT | OVERWRITE_OPT, 
                         NULL, NULL );
    } while ( usRC == CONTINUE_RC );
  } /* endif */

  // terminate the session 
  EqfEndSession( hSession );
}</codeblock>
</example></refbody></reference>