<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00481">
<title><!--rev=as01042005-->EqfExportDict</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title><indexterm>EqfExportDict</indexterm><indexterm>programming interface calls<indexterm>EqfExportDict</indexterm></indexterm>
<p><i>EqfExportDict</i> exports a dictionary in SGML
format to the specified file. It fails if the output file exists already
unless the OVERWRITE_OPT has been set. Default encoding of output
SGML dictionary is Unicode (UTF16). Specify the option ASCII_OPT
or ANSI_OPT if the export dictionary should have the corresponding
format.</p>
<p>This function performs the export in small units. Call it repetitively
until it returns a return code other than CONTINUE_RC.</p>
</section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title>
<syntaxdiagram>
<groupseq><kwd>usRC</kwd><oper> = </oper><kwd>EqfExportDict</kwd><delim>(</delim><var>hSession</var><sep>,</sep><var>pszDictName</var><sep>,</sep>
<groupchoice importance="optional"><kwd>OVERWRITE_OPT</kwd><kwd>ASCII_OPT</kwd><kwd>ANSI_OPT</kwd><kwd>UTF16_OPT</kwd></groupchoice><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq><var>pszOutFile</var><delim>)</delim><sep>;</sep></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
</refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title>
<table pgwide="0" frame="topbot" colsep="1" rowsep="1">
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="53*"/>
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="82*"/>
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="154*"/>
<thead valign="top">
<row>
<entry align="left">Type</entry>
<entry align="left">Parameter</entry>
<entry align="left">Description</entry></row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">HSESSION</entry>
<entry colname="col2">hSession</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The EQF session handle, as returned by <i>EqfStartSession</i>.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszDictName</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The name of the dictionary to be exported.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">LONG</entry>
<entry colname="col2">lOptions</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The option to be used for the export: 
<ul>
<li>OVERWRITE_OPT</li>
<li>ASCII_OPT</li>
<li>ANSI_OPT</li>
<li>UTF16_OPT</li>
</ul></entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszOutFile</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The fully qualified name of the output file.
If the output file exists already, specify the OVERWRITE_OPT option.</entry></row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
<section><title>Return code</title>
<p>USHORT</p>
<table pgwide="0" frame="topbot" colsep="1" rowsep="1">
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="col1" align="left" colwidth="40*"/>
<colspec colname="col2" align="left" colwidth="157*"/>
<thead valign="top">
<row>
<entry align="left">Value</entry>
<entry align="left">Description</entry></row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">0 (NO_ERROR)</entry>
<entry colname="col2">The function completed successfully.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">CONTINUE_RC</entry>
<entry colname="col2">The dictionary export has not completed yet.
Call <i>EqfExportDict</i> again.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">other</entry>
<entry colname="col2"><ph otherprops="print">Error code (EQF message number).
Use <i>EqfGetLastError</i> (see <ph otherprops="print">page <xref href="eqfr5mst-00492.dita#eqfr5mst-00492"/></ph><xref otherprops="display" href="eqfr5mst-00492.dita#eqfr5mst-00492"/>) to retrieve the complete
error information.</ph><ph otherprops="display">Error code (EQF message
number). Use <xref href="eqfr5mst-00492.dita#eqfr5mst-00492"/> to retrieve the complete
error information.</ph></entry></row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
<example><title>Code sample</title>
<codeblock>{
  USHORT usRC = 0;
  HSESSION hSession = 0L;

  // start the Eqf calling interface session
  usRC = EqfStartSession( &amp;hSession );

  // Export the dictionary ENGLGERM to SGML file C:\DICT1.SGM 
  // and overwrite any existing SGML file with this name
  if ( !usRC )
  {
    do
    {
      usRC = EqfExportDict( hSession, "ENGLGERM", OVERWRITE_OPT | UTF16_OPT 
                            "C:\\DICT1.SGM" );
    } while ( usRC == CONTINUE_RC );
  } /* endif */

  // terminate the session 
  EqfEndSession( hSession );
}</codeblock>
</example></refbody></reference>