<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00450">
  <title>Overview and terminology</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p>Each <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> function includes a generic
      data block, which is encapsulated in the session handle. This session handle is created by the
      <i>EqfStartSession</i> call (see <ph otherprops="print">page <xref href="eqfr5mst-00517.dita#eqfr5mst-00517"/></ph> 
      <xref otherprops="display" href="eqfr5mst-00517.dita#eqfr5mst-00517"/>). 
      It ensures that several <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> functions 
      can run concurrently. The functions are delivered as a library and a dynamic-link library (DLL) 
      following the standard PASCAL calling conventions. The include file <codeph>EQFFUNC.H</codeph> 
      contains the prototypes of all available functions.</p>
    <p>The long-running tasks, such as the export or the organization of a 
       <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>, are split into small units of work. The
      return code indicates if the task has completed successfully or if data is pending. The
      calling application must allocate the memory and free it when no longer used. In this way, the
      interface is independent of any compiler or runtime libraries used.</p>
    <p><indexterm>folder<indexterm>definition in non-DDE
      API</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>subfolder<indexterm>definition in non-DDE
      API</indexterm></indexterm>The term <q>folder</q> in the following descriptions also
      implies subfolders. Whenever a function requires the specification of a folder as a parameter,
      for example <codeph>"folder_main"</codeph>, you can also specify a subfolder, for example
      <codeph>"folder_2001\\folder_sub1"</codeph>. You can even expand subfolder specifications,
      up to the limits of the operating system, for example
      <codeph>"folder_2001\\folder_sub1\\sub_sub\\sub_sub_sub\\..."</codeph>.</p>
  </body>
</topic>
