<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00553">
<title>EQFGETCONTEXTINFO</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title><indexterm>programming interface calls<indexterm>EQFGETCONTEXTINFO</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>EQFGETCONTEXTINFO</indexterm>
<p><i>EQFGETCONTEXTINFO</i> is called once when a
new markup table is loaded into the Translation Memory. It returns
the number of context strings that are used by this markup and the
names of these context strings (for example, <codeph>Panel ID</codeph> for
MRI markup). If a markup table user exit does not support this entry
point, or returns an error code, no further context information processing
is performed for this markup table (neither <i>EQFGETSEGCONTEXT</i>, <i>EQFUPDATECONTEXT</i>, nor <i>EQFCOMPARECONTEXT</i> is
called).</p>
</section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title>
<syntaxdiagram>
<groupseq><kwd>EQFGETCONTEXTINFO</kwd><delim>(</delim><var>pusNumOfContextStrings</var><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq><var>pContextNames</var><delim>)</delim></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
</refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title>
<parml>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>pusNumOfContextStrings</var></synph></pt>
<pd>The pointer to a USHORT variable receiving the number of context
strings that are used by this markup.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>pContextNames</var></synph></pt>
<pd>The pointer to a UTF16 buffer for the context names. This buffer
has a size of MAX_CONTEXT_LEN(4096) characters. The context names
are stored as a list of UTF-16 strings, and the list is terminated
by <codeph>0x0000</codeph>.
<p>Currently the names will not be used. In a
later version these names will be used in the translation environment
to display the context of a segment.</p></pd></plentry>
</parml>
</section>
<section><title>Return code</title>
<p>The return code indicates whether context information could be
returned.</p>
</section></refbody></reference>