<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00557">
  <title>Parser application programming interface</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p>The following functions are internal <keyword
        conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> parsing functions that are made available
      to expand the possibilities of user exists. Their main purposes are: <ul>
        <li>To access and modify segmented documents on a segment base. <p>Documents can be loaded,
            and their segments can be retrieved and modified. Segments can be converted into an SGML
            tagged format. Code conversions can be done, and some document properties can be
            retrieved. Modified documents can be saved.</p></li>
        <li>To access and tokenize markup tables to get information about markup tags and property
          information. <p>Markup tables can be loaded and tokenized, and the properties of markup
            tags can be accessed.</p></li>
      </ul></p>
    <p>Because these are basically parsing functions, their names start with <q>Pars</q>. Function
      names ending with <q>W</q> are for Unicode documents, and for markup tables to be used with
      Unicode documents.</p>
    <p>Note that these functions are not called at defined <keyword
        conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> processing steps (as opposed to the
      descriptions in <xref href="#unresolvedid/gen_user_exit_entry_points"/> and <xref
        href="eqfr5mst-00552.dita#eqfr5mst-00552"/>. However, they are well suited to be used in the
      code of one or more of these entry points. For example, they can be used to create or clean up
      markup tables. A sample parser that uses these parser API functions can be found in file
        <codeph>parssamp.c</codeph> in directory <codeph>\otm\nondde\</codeph>. </p>
    <p>Further details about these functions, like the definition of data types, can be found in
      file <codeph>eqfpapi.h</codeph> in the same directory.</p>
    <p>The following sections describe the parser API functions in detail. Where applicable, the
      parser API functions are enabled for Unicode UTF-16
          support.<indexterm>Unicode<indexterm>support for parser
        API</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>parser API<indexterm>Unicode
        support</indexterm></indexterm></p>
  </body>
</topic>
