<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00432">
<title>EQFDELSEG</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title><indexterm>EQFDELSEG</indexterm><indexterm>programming interface calls<indexterm>EQFDELSEG</indexterm></indexterm>
<p><i>EQFDELSEG</i> deletes the specified segment
from the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>, together with its information.</p>
</section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title>
<syntaxdiagram>
<groupseq><kwd>EQFDELSEG</kwd><delim>(</delim><var>pszBuffer1</var><sep>,</sep><var>pszBuffer2</var><sep>,</sep><var>usSegNum</var><delim>)</delim></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
</refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title>
<parml>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>pszBuffer1(PSTRING)</var></synph> — input</pt>
<pd>The buffer for the source segment to be deleted. It must have
a length of <codeph>EQF_BUFFERLEN</codeph>. <codeph>EQF_BUFFERLEN</codeph> is
defined in the file <codeph>EQFTWBS.H</codeph>.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>pszBuffer2(PSTRING)</var></synph> — input</pt>
<pd>The buffer for the corresponding translation to be deleted.
It must have a length of <codeph>EQF_BUFFERLEN</codeph>. <codeph>EQF_BUFFERLEN</codeph> is
defined in the file <codeph>EQFTWBS.H</codeph>.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>usSegNum(USHORT)</var></synph> — input</pt>
<pd>The segment number.</pd></plentry>
</parml>
</section>
<section><title>Return codes</title>
<dl>
<dlentry><dt>EQFERR_SEG_NOT_FOUND</dt>
<dd>The specified segment was not found.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>EQFERR_TM_ACCESS</dt>
<dd>The <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> could not be accessed.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>EQFERR_TM_CORRUPTED</dt>
<dd>The <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> is corrupted.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>EQF_OKAY</dt>
<dd>The request completed successfully.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>EQFERR_INIT</dt>
<dd>The system must first be initialized.</dd></dlentry>
</dl>
</section>
<section><title>Remarks</title>
<p>This call is useful if parts of combined segments are already translated.
These parts are now meaningless and can therefore be deleted from
the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>.</p>
</section></refbody></reference>