<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00493">
<title>EqfGetMatchLevel </title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title><indexterm>EqfGetMatchLevel </indexterm><indexterm>programming interface calls<indexterm>EqfGetMatchLevel </indexterm></indexterm>
<p> The API call <i>EqfGetMatchLevel</i> computes
the match level of the given proposal for the supplied segment. The
segment data and the proposal is passed to the function using a EQFSEGINFO
structure.</p>
</section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title>
<syntaxdiagram>
<groupseq><kwd>usRC</kwd><oper> = </oper><kwd>EqfGetMatchLevel </kwd><delim>(</delim><var>hSession</var><sep>,</sep><var>pSegment</var><sep>,</sep><var>pProposal</var><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq><var>psMatchLevel</var><sep>,</sep><var>pMatchState</var><sep>,</sep><var>lOptions</var><delim>)</delim><sep>;</sep></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
</refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title>
<table pgwide="0" frame="topbot" colsep="1" rowsep="1">
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="53*"/>
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="82*"/>
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="154*"/>
<thead valign="top">
<row>
<entry align="left">Type</entry>
<entry align="left">Parameter</entry>
<entry align="left">Description </entry></row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">HSESSION</entry>
<entry colname="col2">hSession</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The EQF session handle, as returned by <i>EqfStartSession</i>.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PEQFSEGINFO</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pSegment</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Pointer to an EQFSEGINFO structure containing
the segment data. 
<p>Note: The target part has not to be filled.</p></entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PEQFSEGINFO</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pProposal</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Pointer to an EQFSEGINFO structure containing
the proposal data. </entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSHORT</entry>
<entry colname="col2">psMatchLevel</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Pointer to a SHORT variable receiving the match
level. The returned match level is in the range from 0 to 100.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSHORT</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pMatchState</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Pointer to a SHORT variable receiving the match
state.
<p>The returned match state can be:</p>
<ul>
<li>REPLACE_MATCHSTATE for a replace match</li>
<li>FUZZYREPLACE_MATCHSTATE for a fuzzy replace matche</li>
<li>FUZZY_MATCHSTATE for a fuzzy matche</li>
<li>NONE_MATCH if theproposal is no match at all</li>
<li>EXACT_MATCHSTATE for an exact matche</li>
<li>EXACTEXACT_MATCHSTATE for an exact match coming from the same
document and same segment.</li>
</ul></entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">LONG</entry>
<entry colname="col2">lOptions</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The options to be used for the function:
<ul>
<li>NO_GENERIC_INLINETAG_REPL_OPT if set the function “generic
inline tag replacement” is not used</li>
<li>USE_GENERIC_INLINETAG_REPL_OPT if set the function “generic
inline tag replacement” is always used</li>
</ul>
<p>If none of these values is specified, the settings from the “System
preferences” are used.</p></entry></row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
<section><title>Return code</title>
<p>USHORT</p>
<table pgwide="0" frame="topbot" colsep="1" rowsep="1">
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="col1" align="left" colwidth="54*"/>
<colspec colname="col2" align="left" colwidth="141*"/>
<thead valign="top">
<row>
<entry align="left">Value</entry>
<entry align="left">Description</entry></row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">0 (NO_ERROR)</entry>
<entry colname="col2">The function completed successfully.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">other</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Error code (EQF message number). Use <xref href="eqfr5mst-00492.dita#eqfr5mst-00492"/> to retrieve the complete error information. </entry></row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
<p><b>EQFSEGINFO</b> structure</p>
<table pgwide="0" frame="topbot" colsep="1" rowsep="1">
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="53*"/>
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="82*"/>
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="154*"/>
<thead valign="top">
<row>
<entry align="left">Type</entry>
<entry align="left">Field</entry>
<entry align="left">Description </entry></row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">WCHAR [2048] </entry>
<entry colname="col2">szSource</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The proposal source in UTF-16 encoding</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">WCHAR [2048]</entry>
<entry colname="col2">szTarget</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The proposal target in UTF-16 encoding</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">LONG</entry>
<entry colname="col2">lSegNumber</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The segment number</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">CHAR [256]</entry>
<entry colname="col2">szDocument</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The name of the document</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">CHAR [20]</entry>
<entry colname="col2">szSourceLanguage</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The source language of the proposal</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">CHAR [20]</entry>
<entry colname="col2">szTargetLanguage</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The target language of the proposal</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">CHAR [13]</entry>
<entry colname="col2">szMarkup</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The name of the markup table</entry></row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
<example><title>Code sample</title>
<codeblock>// the segment data from the document 
EQFSEGINFO SegmentData =
{ 
  L"The &lt;strong&gt;IBM Websphere Translation Server&lt;/strong&gt; performs automatic translations.", 
  L"",
  1, 
  "document.idd", 
  "English(U.S.)",
  "German(DPAnat)",
  "IBMIDDOC"
};
 
// data for a fuzzy match
EQFSEGINFO FuzzyMatch = 
{ 
  L"The &lt;strong&gt;IBM Websphere Translation Server&lt;/strong&gt; does automatic translations.", 
  L"Der &lt;strong&gt;IBM Websphere Translation Server&lt;/strong&gt; macht automatische Uebersetzungen.", 
  7, 
  "anotherdoc.idd", 
  "English(U.S.)",
  "German(DPAnat)",
  "IBMIDDOC"
};
 
{
  USHORT usRC = 0;
  HSESSION hSession = 0L;
 
  // start the Eqf calling interface session
  usRC = EqfStartSession( &amp;hSession );
 
  // check the match level of the match in FuzzyMatch
  if ( !usRC )
  {
    SHORT sMatchLevel = 0;
    EQFMATCHSTATE MatchState;
 
    usRC = EqfGetMatchLevel( hSession, &amp;SegmentData , &amp;FuzzyMatch, &amp;sMatchLevel, &amp;MatchState, 0 );
  } /* endif */
 
  // terminate the session 
  EqfEndSession( hSession );
}</codeblock>
</example></refbody></reference>