<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00462">
  <title>EqfCleanMemory</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <title>Purpose</title>
      <indexterm>EqfCleanMemory</indexterm>
      <indexterm>programming interface calls<indexterm>EqfCleanMemory</indexterm></indexterm>
      <p> The API call <i>EqfCleanMemory</i> removes all segments which are not relevant for a given
        translation package from an external memory. The “cleaned” memory can be created in internal
        or external format. </p>
      <p>This function performs the cleanup in small units. Call it repetitively until it returns a
        return code other than CONTINUE_RC.</p>
    </section>
    <refsyn>
      <title>Format</title>
      <syntaxdiagram>
        <groupseq>
          <kwd>usRC</kwd>
          <oper> = </oper>
          <kwd>EqfCleanMemory</kwd>
          <delim>(</delim>
          <var>hSession</var>
          <sep>,</sep>
          <var>pszFolder</var>
          <sep>,</sep>
          <var>pszInMem</var>
          <sep>,</sep>
        </groupseq>
        <groupseq>
          <var>pszOutMem</var>
          <sep>,</sep>
          <var>lOptions</var>
          <delim>)</delim>
          <sep>;</sep>
        </groupseq>
      </syntaxdiagram>
    </refsyn>
    <section>
      <title>Parameters</title>
      <table pgwide="0" frame="topbot" colsep="1" rowsep="1">
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colname="col1" colwidth="52*"/>
          <colspec colname="col2" colwidth="66*"/>
          <colspec colname="col3" colwidth="169*"/>
          <thead valign="top">
            <row>
              <entry align="left">Type</entry>
              <entry align="left">Parameter</entry>
              <entry align="left">Description </entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">HSESSION</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">hSession</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">The EQF session handle, as returned by <i>EqfStartSession</i>.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">pszFolder</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">The name of a <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> 
                folder (already imported into TM and the documents have to be analyzed).</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">pszInMem</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">The fully qualified file name of the input memory in Ansi or UTF-16 encoding.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">pszOutMem</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">The name of an new internal memory or the fully qualified name of an external.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">LONG</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">lOptions</entry>
              <entry colname="col3">The option to be used for the cleanup of a memory: <sl>
                  <sli>CLEANMEM_INTERNAL_MEMORY_OPT to create an internal memory</sli>
                  <sli>CLEANMEM_EXTERNAL_MEMORY_OPT to create an external memory (default) </sli>
                  <sli>OVERWRITE_OPT to overwrite any existing output memory</sli>
                  <sli>CLEANMEM_COMPLETE_IN_ONE_CALL_OPT If set the API call does not return after
                    each processing step but stays in the API call until the function has been completed</sli>
                  <sli> CLEANMEM_BESTMATCH_OPT if set only the best match is written to the output
                    memory, if not set the best three matches are written to the output memory</sli>
                  <sli>CLEANMEM_MERGE_OPT when specified the cleaned memory matches are merged into
                    an existing memory rather than creating a new one</sli>
                  <sli>CLEANMEM_KEEP_DUPS_OPT when specified duplicate exact matches are left in the
                    memory (without this option only the first exact match is left in the memory).
                    Fuzzy matches are left in the memory as long there is no exact match for the
                    same segment (withhout this option only the best fuzzy match is left in the memory)</sli>
                </sl></entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Return code</title>
      <p>USHORT</p>
      <table pgwide="0" frame="topbot" colsep="1" rowsep="1">
        <tgroup cols="2">
          <colspec colname="col1" align="left" colwidth="40*"/>
          <colspec colname="col2" align="left" colwidth="157*"/>
          <thead valign="top">
            <row>
              <entry align="left">Value</entry>
              <entry align="left">Description</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">0 (NO_ERROR)</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The function completed successfully.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">CONTINUE_RC</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">The memory cleanup has not been completed yet. Call <xref href=""/> again. </entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry colname="col1">other</entry>
              <entry colname="col2">Error code (EQF message number). Use <xref href="eqfr5mst-00492.dita#eqfr5mst-00492"/> 
                to retrieve the complete error information.</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
    <example>
      <title>Code sample</title>
      <codeblock>HSESSION hSession;
USHORT usRC;

usRC = EqfStartSession( &amp;hSession );
usRC = EqfCleanMemory( "TestFolder", 
"C:\EXPMEMORY\SAMPLE2.EXP", 
"C:\\EXPMEMORY\SAMPLEOUT.EXP",
CLEANMEM_EXTERNAL_MEMORY_OPT | CLEANMEM_COMPLETE_IN_ONE_CALL_OPT | OVERWRITE_OPT );

usRC = EqfEndSession( hSession );</codeblock>
    </example>
  </refbody>
</reference>
