<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00524">
  <title>SGML tags for markup table header</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords>

        <indexterm>markup tables<indexterm>SGML tags</indexterm></indexterm>
      </keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p>The following table contains the definition of the SGML tags that you can use in a markup
      table header.</p>
    <table id="sgml_tags_header" pgwide="0" frame="topbot">
      <title>SGML tags for markup table header</title>
      <tgroup cols="2" colsep="0" rowsep="1">
        <colspec colname="col1" colwidth="118*"/>
        <colspec colname="col2" colwidth="369*"/>
        <thead>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top" rowsep="1">SGML tag</entry>
            <entry valign="top" rowsep="1">Definition</entry>
          </row>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">DESCRIPTION</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Specifies a markup table description, which is shown in
              the <q>Markup Table Properties</q> window and the <q>Markup Table List</q> window.
            </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">DESCRNAME</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Specifies a descriptive name for this markup table. For example, the
              specification of <codeph>&lt;DESCRNAME&gt;ASCII&lt;/DESCRNAME&gt;</codeph> in the
              markup table EQFASCII would give it the name ASCII. If nothing is specified, the file
              name of the markup table is used.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">CHARSET</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Specifies the character set to be used for import and export of
              documents that use this markup table. The documents will be converted using the
              selected character set without the need to do the conversion in a user exit. Specify
              one of the following character sets: <dl>
                <dlentry><dt>ASCII</dt>
                  <dd> </dd></dlentry>
                <dlentry><dt>ANSI</dt>
                  <dd> </dd></dlentry>
                <dlentry><dt>UTF8</dt>
                  <dd> </dd></dlentry>
                <dlentry><dt>UNICODE</dt>
                  <dd> </dd></dlentry>
              </dl></entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">SINGLESUBST</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Specifies the substitution character to use for single character
              substitution. The default character is <codeph>?</codeph>.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">MULTSUBST</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Specifies the substitution character to use for multiple character
              substitution. The default character is <codeph>%</codeph>.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry valign="top">USEUNICODE</entry>
            <entry valign="top">Specifies whether segmented source and target files in
              subdirectories <codeph>SSOURCE</codeph> and <codeph>STARGET</codeph> are stored in
              Unicode UTF-16 format. Specify one of the following: <dl>
                <dlentry><dt>YES</dt>
                  <dd> </dd></dlentry>
                <dlentry><dt>NO</dt>
                  <dd>This is the default.</dd></dlentry>
              </dl></entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry colname="col1">REFLOW</entry>
            <entry colname="col2">Specifies whether CRLF are allowed to be changed during
              translation or not. EQFMRI is an example of a markup where RELOW is specified and set
              to NO. Specify one of the following: <dl>
                <dlentry><dt>YES</dt>
                  <dd>This is the default.</dd></dlentry>
                <dlentry><dt>NO</dt>
                  <dd> </dd></dlentry>
              </dl></entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry colname="col1">SEGMENTEXIT</entry>
            <entry colname="col2">Contains the name of the user exit, if the markup table uses
              one.</entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
  </body>
</topic>
