<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00516">
<title><!--rev=wst-->EqfSetSysLanguage</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title><indexterm>EqfSetSysLanguage</indexterm><indexterm>programming interface calls<indexterm>EqfSetSysLanguage</indexterm></indexterm>
<p><i>EqfSetSysLanguage</i> sets the default target
language for the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> system                       
 environment. All <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> internal character conversions
(Unicode to ASCII/ANSI,                         ASCII/ANSI to Unicode)
and linguistic functions will use the provided default target language
if no                         other language settings are available.
This happens e.g. during Translation Memory import/export in     
                   ASCII.                          It is a good coding
practice to retrieve the default target language first (EqfGetSysLanguage),
set                         the requested default target language,
do your processing and reset the default target language to the  
                      previously stored value.                   
      Using the EqfSetSysLanguage has the same effect as modifying
the Default Target Language                         on the System
Preferenece Dialog via the GUI. </p>
</section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title>
<syntaxdiagram>
<groupseq><kwd>usRC</kwd><oper> = </oper><kwd>EqfSetSysLanguage</kwd><delim>(</delim><var>hSession</var><sep>,</sep><var>pszSystemLanguage</var></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
</refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title>
<table pgwide="0" frame="topbot" colsep="1" rowsep="1">
<tgroup cols="3">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="53*"/>
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="82*"/>
<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="154*"/>
<thead valign="top">
<row>
<entry align="left">Type</entry>
<entry align="left">Parameter</entry>
<entry align="left">Description </entry></row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">HSESSION</entry>
<entry colname="col2">hSession</entry>
<entry colname="col3">The EQF session handle, as returned by <i>EqfStartSession</i>.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">PSZ</entry>
<entry colname="col2">pszSystemLanguage</entry>
<entry colname="col3">Buffer provided to contain the system      
language string. The length of the buffer has to be at least 20 characters.</entry></row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
<section><title>Return code</title>
<p>USHORT</p>
<table pgwide="0" frame="topbot" colsep="1" rowsep="1">
<tgroup cols="2">
<colspec colname="col1" align="left" colwidth="40*"/>
<colspec colname="col2" align="left" colwidth="157*"/>
<thead valign="top">
<row>
<entry align="left">Value</entry>
<entry align="left">Description</entry></row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">0 (NO_ERROR)</entry>
<entry colname="col2">The function completed successfully.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry colname="col1">other</entry>
<entry colname="col2">Error code (EQF message number). Use <i>EqfSetSysLanguage</i> to retrieve the complete error
information.</entry></row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</section>
<example><title>Code sample</title>
<codeblock>                        {
                          USHORT usRC = 0;
                          HSESSION hSession = 0L;

                          // start the Eqf calling interface session
                          usRC = EqfStartSession( hSession );


                          // Set the default target language to be Japanese
                          if ( !usRC )
                          {
                            usRC = EqfSetSysLanaguage( hSession, "Japanese" );

                          } /* endif */

                          // terminate the session
                          EqfEndSession( hSession );
                        }</codeblock>
</example></refbody></reference>