<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00543">
  <title>EQFBUILDDOCPATH</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <title>Purpose</title>
      <indexterm>programming interface calls<indexterm>EQFBUILDDOCPATH</indexterm></indexterm>
      <indexterm>EQFBUILDDOCPATH</indexterm>
      <p><i>EQFBUILDDOCPATH</i> creates the fully qualified file name for a <keyword
          conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> document using the folder object name
        and the document long name.</p>
      <p>This function can be used to access documents stored in <keyword
          conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> folders.</p>
    </section>
    <refsyn>
      <title>Format</title>
      <syntaxdiagram>
        <groupseq>
          <kwd>EQFBUILDDOCPATH</kwd>
          <delim>(</delim>
          <var>szFolObjName</var>
          <sep>,</sep>
          <var>szDocLongName</var>
          <sep>,</sep>
          <var>PathID</var>
          <sep>,</sep>
          <var>pchBuffer</var>
          <delim>)</delim>
        </groupseq>
      </syntaxdiagram>
    </refsyn>
    <section>
      <title>Parameters</title>
      <parml>
        <plentry>
          <pt>
            <synph>
              <var>szFolObjName</var>
            </synph>
          </pt>
          <pd> The folder object name as returned using EQFGETINFO with the GETINFO_FOLDEROBJECT
            ID.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>
            <synph>
              <var>szDocLongName </var>
            </synph>
          </pt>
          <pd>The document long name.</pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>
            <synph>
              <var>PathID </var>
            </synph>
          </pt>
          <pd>The ID of the requested document path, valid IDs are:
            <codeblock>PATHID_SOURCE to build the path to the source document
PATHID_SEGSOURCE to build the path to the segmented source document
PATHID_SEGTARGET to build the path to the segmented target document
PATHID_TARGET to build the path to the target document</codeblock></pd>
        </plentry>
        <plentry>
          <pt>
            <synph>
              <var>pchBuffer </var>
            </synph>
          </pt>
          <pd>The pointer to a buffer receiving the fully qualified document path, the size of this
            buffer has to be at least 60 bytes.</pd>
        </plentry>
      </parml>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Return code</title>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>0</dt>
          <dd>function completed successfully</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>ERROR_INVALID_PARAMETER</dt>
          <dd>wrong or missing parameter</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>ERROR_PATH_NOT_FOUND</dt>
          <dd>the folder did not exist</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>ERROR_FILE_NOT_FOUND</dt>
          <dd>the document does not exist</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </section>
    <example>
      <title>Examples</title>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt/>
          <dd>The folder "AnotherTestFolder" contains the document "myTest.HTML". The folder is
            located on drive "E:" and has a short name of "ANOTH000.F00". The document short name is
            "MYTESTHT.000". The primary drive of the <keyword
              conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> installation is "C:".</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt/>
          <dd>EQFBUILDDOCPATH( "C:\OTM\ANOTH000.F00", "myTest.HTML", PATHID_SOURCE, szBuffer ) would
            return " E:\OTM\ANOTH000.F00\SOURCE\ MYTESTHT.000" in szBuffer.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </example>
  </refbody>
</reference>
