<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00542">
<title>EQFGETPREVSEGW</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title><indexterm>programming interface calls<indexterm>EQFGETPREVSEGW</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>EQFGETPREVSEGW</indexterm>
<p><i>EQFGETPREVSEGW</i> returns the previous segment
from the document identified by the lInfo handle. The text of the
segment is stored in the buffer pointed to by pBuffer in UTF16-encoding
and is terminated by 0x0000. The API call decrements the segment number
automatically.</p>
</section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title>
<syntaxdiagram>
<groupseq><kwd>EQFGETPREVSEGW</kwd><delim>(</delim><var>lInfo</var><sep>,</sep><var>pulSegNum</var><sep>,</sep><var>pBuffer</var><sep>,</sep><var>pusBufSize</var><delim>)</delim></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
</refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title>
<parml>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>lInfo</var></synph></pt>
<pd>The document handle which has been passed to the user exit as
the first parameter of the EQFSHOW entry point.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>pulSegNum</var></synph></pt>
<pd>The pointer to a ULONG variable containing the segment number.
The segment number is automatically decremented.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>pBuffer</var></synph></pt>
<pd>The pointer to a USHORT variable containing the size of the
buffer pointed to by pBuffer in number of UTF-16 characters. Attention:
this size value is set to the actual length of the returned segment
data on exit.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>pusBufSize</var></synph></pt>
<pd>The pointer to a USHORT variable containing the size of the
buffer pointed to by pBuffer.</pd></plentry>
</parml>
</section>
<section><title>Return code</title>
<p>The function returns zero if successful otherwise an error code
is returned. The error code 510 is also issued when the buffer size
is not large enough to receive the segment data.</p>
</section></refbody></reference>