<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00534">
<title><!--rev=ng020-->EQFCHECKSEGW</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title><indexterm>programming interface calls<indexterm>EQFCHECKSEGW</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>EQFCHECKSEGW</indexterm>
<p><i>EQFCHECKSEGW</i> is called during the translation
of a document after a segment has been translated but not saved yet
in the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>. It can modify the segment, for example change lowercase
characters to uppercase, and prevent the segment from being saved,
for example if specific length limits have been exceeded.</p>
<p><i>EQFCHECKSEGW</i> is also called when exact
matches are automatically substituted during the analysis of a document.</p>
</section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title>
<syntaxdiagram>
<groupseq><kwd>EQFCHECKSEGW</kwd><delim>(</delim><var>PreviousSourceSegment</var><sep>,</sep><var>CurrentSourceSegment</var><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq><var>Translation</var><sep>,</sep><var>ModifyFlag</var><sep>,</sep><var>MessageFlag</var><delim>)</delim></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
</refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title>
<parml>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>PreviousSourceSegment</var></synph></pt>
<pd>The pointer to the text of the previous source segment.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>CurrentSourceSegment</var></synph></pt>
<pd>The pointer to the text of the current source segment.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>Translation</var></synph></pt>
<pd>The pointer to the translation of the current segment.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>ModifyFlag</var></synph></pt>
<pd>The pointer to the flag that is set when the user exit has modified
the translated segment.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>MessageFlag</var></synph></pt>
<pd>The flag indicating whether a message box is shown.</pd></plentry>
</parml>
</section>
<section><title>Return code</title>
<p>The return code indicates if the segment can be saved.</p>
</section></refbody></reference>