<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="eqfr5mst-00525">
<title>SGML tags for markup tags and markup attributes</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords>

<indexterm>markup
tables<indexterm>SGML tags</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>The following table contains the definition of the SGML tags that
you can use to define markup tags and markup attributes in a markup
table.</p>
<table id="sgml_tags_tags_attribs" pgwide="0" frame="topbot">
<title>SGML
tags for markup tags and markup attributes</title>
<tgroup cols="2" colsep="0" rowsep="1">
<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="118*"/>
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="369*"/>
<thead>
<row>
<entry valign="top" rowsep="1">SGML tag</entry>
<entry valign="top" rowsep="1">Definition</entry></row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row>
<entry valign="top">STRING</entry>
<entry valign="top">Specifies the name of the markup tag or markup
attribute.  The specification of STRING is
required for an entry in the markup table. </entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">ENDDELIM</entry>
<entry valign="top">Specifies one character as end delimiter
of the markup tag or markup attribute, if it has any. You can enter
more than one end delimiter. <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> checks for all possible string
combinations to determine the end of the tag or attribute. A string
as end delimiter is not possible. 
<p>When a tag or attribute has an
end delimiter, the specification of its length is omitted or can be
set to 0. If a tag or attribute has no end delimiter, its length must
be specified.</p>
<p>The specification of ENDDELIM is required for
an entry in the markup table, if LENGTH is not defined. </p></entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">LENGTH</entry>
<entry valign="top">Defines the length of a markup tag
or markup attribute. It must be specified only if the length of the
tag or attribute cannot be determined by a delimiter specified by
ENDDELIM. </entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">COLPOSITION</entry>
<entry valign="top">Specifies the column position where the markup
tag starts. If a markup tag has no special start position and can
occur anywhere in a line, COLPOSITION is omitted or can be set to
0. The default is 0.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">TYPE</entry>
<entry valign="top">Defines the type of the markup tag. If TYPE is
not specified, STDEL is taken as the default. 
<p>The following types
are possible: 
<dl>
<dlentry><dt>STDEL</dt>
<dd>Indicates the start of a new text segment.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>ENDDEL</dt>
<dd>Indicates the end of a text segment.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>SELFC</dt>
<dd>The markup tag is self-contained, that is, it is a text segment
by itself.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>STNEUTRAL</dt>
<dd>The markup tag is a start tag, which has no influence on segmenting.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>ENDNEUTRAL</dt>
<dd>The markup tag is an end tag, which has no influence on segmenting.</dd></dlentry>
</dl> </p></entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">SEGINFO</entry>
<entry valign="top">Determines whether the text following the markup
tag is to be segmented. If SEGINFO is not specified, SEGNEUTRAL is
taken as the default. 
<p>
<dl>
<dlentry><dt>SEGOFF</dt>
<dd>Sets segmenting off, that is, no segmentation is done until
the next markup tag is found that sets segmenting on again. If two
tags follow each other that set segmenting off, it needs two tags
that set segmenting on to start segmentation again.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>SEGON</dt>
<dd>Sets segmenting on again.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>SEGNEUTRAL</dt>
<dd>Does not influence the segmenting status.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>SEGRESET</dt>
<dd>Resets the segmenting status to on, even if the segmenting level
requires more than one SEGON tag to set segmentation on.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>PROTECTON</dt>
<dd>All following text, including segmentation control flags, is
protected until a markup tag with <b>PROTECTOFF</b> is
encountered.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>PROTECTOFF</dt>
<dd>Turns off text protection. The following text is handled using
normal segmentation rules.</dd></dlentry>
</dl> </p></entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">ASSTEXT</entry>
<entry valign="top">Defines types of text following the markup tag.
If ASSTEXT is not specified, NOEXPL is taken as the default. 
<p>
<dl>
<dlentry><dt>TSNL</dt>
<dd>Text follows on the same or the next line and will be associated
with the markup tag.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>TSL</dt>
<dd>Text follows on the same line and will be associated with the
makeup tag.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>NOEXPL</dt>
<dd>No special processing for associated text is required.</dd></dlentry>
</dl> </p></entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">ADDINFO</entry>
<entry valign="top">Specifies whether specific text is to be ignored
when segments are aligned during the creation of an <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/ITM"/>:
<dl>
<dlentry><dt>4</dt>
<dd>Marks the start of an area to be ignored.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>6</dt>
<dd>Marks the start of an area to be partly ignored. This applies
to tags containing a <codeph>%</codeph> sign, for example <codeph>HEADER]%</codeph>.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>8</dt>
<dd>Marks the end of an area to be ignored.</dd></dlentry>
<dlentry><dt>10</dt>
<dd>Marks the end of an area to be partly ignored. This applies
to tags containing a % sign, for example <codeph>HEADER %</codeph>.</dd></dlentry>
</dl></entry></row>
<row id="classid">
<entry valign="top">CLASSID<indexterm>creating<indexterm>tables of contents</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>table of contents<indexterm>creating</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>document<indexterm>creating its table of contents</indexterm></indexterm></entry>
<entry valign="top">Specifies how the contents of STRING is handled.
The only class is <b>CLS_HEAD</b>. This means that
the text specified for STRING becomes an entry of the table of contents
that you can display during the translation of a document using the <b>Special go to...</b> dialog.</entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">ATTRINFO</entry>
<entry valign="top">Specifies whether a markup tag has attached attributes
(YES/NO). NO is the default. If YES is specified, the ATTRIBUTE SGML
tag must be used to specify the attributes. </entry></row>
<row>
<entry valign="top">TRANSLATEINFO</entry>
<entry valign="top">Specifies whether the segment associated
with the markup tag or markup attribute must be translated or not
(YES/NO). If TRANSLATEINFO is not specified, NO is taken as the default.</entry></row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
</body></topic>