<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="glossary">
  <title>Glossary of terms and abbreviations</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p>This glossary defines and describes terms and abbreviations used in this manual.</p>
    <dl>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>addendum</dt>
        <dd>The extension of a <i>language-support file</i> that contains individually added spellings of terms. For example, terms which 
          have been indicated as misspelled by the spellchecker although spelled correctly.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>aligning</dt>
        <dd>The process of combining source segments with their corresponding target segments in an Initial Translation Memory (ITM).</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>analysis</dt>
        <dd>A process for dividing text into <i>segments</i>. It checks the text against specific <i>exclusion lists</i> and <i>dictionaries</i>, 
          and produces, on your request, a <i>new terms list</i> and a <i>found terms list</i>. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>ANSI</dt>
        <dd>American National Standards Institute.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>API</dt>
        <dd><i>Application programming interface</i>.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>application programming interface (API)</dt>
        <dd>A software interface that enables applications to communicate with each other. An API is the set of programming language constructs 
          or statements that can be coded in an application program to obtain the specific functions and services provided by an underlying 
          operating system or service program.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>automatic lookup</dt>
        <dd>During translation, <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> performs an automatic lookup in the 
          referenced <i><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/></i> and in the referenced <i>dictionaries</i>. For each 
          segment, matching segment translations from the <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> are displayed 
          as <i>translation proposals</i> in the <q><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/></q> window, translations of 
          its terms are displayed in the <q>Dictionary</q> window. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>automatic substitution</dt>
        <dd>An option in the Translate menu. It lets you start the automatic substitution process, which translates those <i>segments</i> that 
          have been previously translated by you or another translator and are stored in the <i>Translation Memory</i>. It is particularly
          useful for translating updated text. However, you still must translate new text manually.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>company code</dt>
        <dd>Abbreviation for a particular area of usage a translation applies to. For example, certain terms are used differently depending on 
          the companies or clients you do translations for. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>controlled folder handling</dt>
        <dd>Is a concept that is only available to project coordinators. It allows them to specify, and change at any time, all properties and 
          details for a folder, including the translators for the documents to be imported into this folder. It also allows them to ship the 
          folder once all translations are finished.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>details</dt>
        <dd>See <i>view details</i>. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>dictionary</dt>
        <dd>A database that contains terms, their translation, and other related information. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>dictionary entry</dt>
        <dd>All data relating to a <i>headword</i> in a <i>dictionary</i>
        </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>dictionary filter</dt>
        <dd>A method to select specific entries from a <i>dictionary</i> or only parts of these entries. The filter conditions that must be met 
          if an entry is to pass the filter can be individually defined when printing or searching a dictionary. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>dictionary print format</dt>
        <dd>Specifies the layout of a printed <i>dictionary</i>. <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> provides standard 
          formats described in <i>format files</i> that can be tailored individually. The format files are on the same disk where 
          <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> is installed under the subdirectory <codeph>eqf\prtform</codeph>. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>DLL</dt>
        <dd><i>Dynamic-link library</i>.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>document file</dt>
        <dd>A generic term used to describe all types of files containing information that is to be translated. Document files can be analyzed 
          and opened for translation in the <i>Translation Environment</i>. The source of the document file you translate is called
          the <i>original document</i>. The document file that you edit during translation is referred to as the <i>translation document</i>. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>document type</dt>
        <dd>Depending on the different types of <i>markup</i> used to describe the layout of document, 
          <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> differentiates between different document types.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>dynamic-link library (DLL)</dt>
        <dd>A file containing executable code and data bound to a program at load time or runtime, rather than during linking. The code and data 
          in a dynamic-link library can be shared by several applications simultaneously. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>entry fields</dt>
        <dd>The various fields and styles of an entry in a <i>dictionary</i>, such as meaning, usage, context, abbreviation, idioms, and 
          grammatical information. For example, the entry field <synph><var>Abbr.</var></synph> would contain the abbreviation of a <i>headword</i>.
          The combination of all entry fields of a specific headword makes up the headword’s entry in the dictionary. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>entry level</dt>
        <dd>The information that applies to all the <i>templates</i> of an entry. For example, the term itself, the author, and the date the entry 
          was created. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>entry section</dt>
        <dd>Section in a <i>dictionary</i>. Contains all <i>dictionary entries</i> appearing one after another. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>exact match</dt>
        <dd>Each <i>segment</i> in the <i>translation document</i> is compared with the selected <i>Translation Memory</i>. If an identical 
          segment is found, an <i>exact match</i> has occurred and the corresponding <i>translation proposal</i> is shown in the <q>Translation
            Memory</q> window. It originates from a previous translation. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>exact match (1)</dt>
        <dd>An <i>exact match</i> for which the following condition applies:The exact match occurs only once in the attached 
          <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmems"/>.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>exact match (&gt;=2)</dt>
        <dd>An <i>exact match</i> for which the following condition applies:The exact match occurs at least twice in the attached 
          <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmems"/>.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>exact-exact match</dt>
        <dd>An <i>exact match</i> for which the following condition applies:The number of the active segment in the source document is identical 
          (give or take 2) with that of the corresponding segment in the Translation Memory. In addition, the name of the document
          (document name = file name plus relative path (if available)) being translated is identical with that of the document stored in the 
          Translation Memory.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>exact context match</dt>
        <dd>An <i>exact match</i> for which the following condition applies:The number of the active segment in the source document is not 
          identical with that of the corresponding segment in the Translation Memory. However, the name of the document being translated is 
          identical with that of the document stored in the Translation Memory.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>exclusion list</dt>
        <dd>A list containing common words such as articles, prepositions, proper nouns, and terms that occur frequently. These words are 
          ignored when creating <i>new terms lists</i> and <i>found terms lists</i> during <i>analysis</i>, and are not shown in the
            <q>Dictionary</q> window during translation. Exclusion lists can be edited. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>export</dt>
        <dd>To copy <i>folders</i>, documents, <i>dictionaries</i>, and <i>Translation Memory databases</i> to the DOS file system to make 
          them available to another user. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>folder</dt>
        <dd>Contains documents belonging to one project and references to the <i><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmems"/></i> 
          and <i>dictionaries</i> you want to use during translation. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>format file</dt>
        <dd>A file that contains the specification of a <i>dictionary print format</i>. It can be created and changed with a text editor.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>found terms list</dt>
        <dd>A list of all terms in the documents being analyzed that were found in the selected <i>dictionaries</i>. The list is used to update 
          dictionaries and <i>exclusion lists</i>. Found terms lists can be edited, that is, terms can be deleted, moved to a dictionary, or
          to an <i>exclusion list</i>. A found terms list can be used to fill a separate dictionary related to a document. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>fuzzy match</dt>
        <dd>Each <i>segment</i> in the <i>translation document</i> is compared with the selected <i>Translation Memory</i>. If an almost identical 
          segment is found, a fuzzy match has occurred and the corresponding <i>translation proposal</i> is shown in the <q>Translation
            Memory</q> window with a preceding [f]. It originates from a previous translation.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>fuzzy replacement match</dt>
        <dd>A <i>replacement match</i> where a couple of words are not identical. It is displayed in the <q>Translation</q> window with a 
          preceding [rf]. <p>Example: 
            <codeblock>Document text: This is what happened in 1998.
TM proposal:   This happens in 1999.</codeblock></p>
          <p>In this example, the date in the TM proposal (1999) is automatically changed to the date in the document text (1998). 
            However, <codeph>happened</codeph> is not replaced with <codeph>happens</codeph>.</p></dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>header section</dt>
        <dd>Section in a <i>dictionary</i>. Contains general dictionary information such as source language, target language, and creation date 
          of the dictionary. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>headword</dt>
        <dd>Word or term placed at the beginning of an entry in a <i>dictionary</i>. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>history log file</dt>
        <dd>A file storing, in compressed form, records that contain the information collected during events, such as exporting or deleting a 
          folder, and the result of this collection. There is one history log file per folder, which is stored as <codeph>HISTLOG.DAT</codeph>
          in the <codeph>PROPERTY</codeph> directory of the folder. New records are added at the end of the history log file.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>homonym</dt>
        <dd>Words that are spelled and pronounced alike but different in meaning. For example, the noun conduct and the verb conduct are 
          homonyms. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>homonym level</dt>
        <dd>Part of a <i>dictionary entry</i>. Contains grammatical and syntactic information, such as part of speech, hyphenation, and 
          abbreviation information. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>HTML</dt>
        <dd><i>Hypertext Markup Language</i>. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Hypertext Markup Language (HTML) </dt>
        <dd>A subset of the Standard Generalized Markup Language (SGML) allowing the presentation of electronically stored information within 
          the World Wide Web (Internet). </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>icon</dt>
        <dd>A small graphical symbol. Icons can represent windows that you want to work with (such as Folder list, Document list, Dictionary list, 
          Translation Memory list, Terminology lists) or tasks that you want to perform. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>import</dt>
        <dd>To copy <i>folders</i>, documents, <i>dictionaries</i>, and <i>Translation Memory databases</i> from the DOS file system to make 
          them available to <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Initial Translation Memory (ITM)</dt>
        <dd>A <i>Translation Memory</i> created from existing translations and their corresponding originals. Proposals originating from an ITM 
          are shown in the <q>Translation Memory</q> window with a preceding [m] like <i>machine-generated matches</i>. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>irregular match</dt>
        <dd>One of the following: <ul>
            <li>A 1:2 match, where one source segment has been connected to two target segments</li>
            <li>A 2:1 match, where two source segments have been connected to one target segment</li>
            <li>A 2:2 match, where two source segments have been connected to two target segments</li>
            <li>An unaligned sentence (the default color is red)</li>
            <li>A sentence that is ignored (the default color is grey)</li>
          </ul></dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>ITM</dt>
        <dd><i>Initial Translation Memory</i>. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>JavaScript</dt>
        <dd>A scripting language that resembles <tm trademark="Java" tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc." tmtype="tm" tmclass="special">Java</tm> and 
          was developed by Netscape for use with the Netscape browser. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>language support files</dt>
        <dd>Source languages supplied with <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/>. Language support files are required when 
          looking up <i>dictionary entries</i> during <i>analysis</i> of document files and during <i>spellcheck</i>. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>lookup</dt>
        <dd>See <i>automatic lookup</i> and <i>search</i>. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>machine-generated match</dt>
        <dd>Originates from an <i>Initial Translation Memory</i> and is displayed in the <q>Translation Memory</q> window with a preceding [m]. 
          Can be used in the same way as a <i>fuzzy match</i>. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>maptable section</dt>
        <dd>Section in a <i>dictionary</i>. Determines the structure of <i>dictionary entries</i>. Contains the total of all allowed entry fields 
          in a dictionary. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>markup</dt>
        <dd>Information added to a document, for example, formatting tags, to enable a system to process it. It describes the document 
          characteristics or specifies the actual processing to be performed. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>markup language</dt>
        <dd>The language specific to a word processor that describes a document layout. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>markup table</dt>
        <dd>Contains all tags and attributes of a particular <i>markup language</i>. Is used in 
          <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> during <i>analysis</i> and translation. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>match</dt>
        <dd>The fact that a source <i>segment</i> in a <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> and a source segment in 
          a document to be translated at least resemble each other (<i>fuzzy match</i> or <i>replacement match</i>). If they are completely 
          identical, it is an <i>exact match</i> if the translation was done by a translator, or a <i>machine-generated match</i> if the
          translation is generated by a program.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>merge</dt>
        <dd>Combining information of either two <i>dictionaries</i> or two <i>Translation Memory databases</i>. When merging 
          dictionaries, <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> preserves the structure of the destination dictionary. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>model dictionary</dt>
        <dd>An already existing <i>dictionary</i> whose structure can be taken as a sample when creating a new dictionary. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>model folder</dt>
        <dd>An already existing <i>folder</i> whose <i>properties</i> can be taken as a sample when creating a new folder. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>new terms list</dt>
        <dd>A list of all the terms found in the documents being analyzed but not found in the selected <i>dictionaries</i> during 
          <i>analysis</i>. New terms lists can be used to update dictionaries and <i>exclusion lists</i>. New terms lists can be edited, that 
          is, terms can be deleted, moved to a dictionary, or to an exclusion list. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>organize</dt>
        <dd>Internal restructuring of frequently changed <i>dictionaries</i> and <i><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmems"/></i>
          to shorten search times. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>original document</dt>
        <dd>The source of the document that you translate. You cannot edit this document but you can display it and use it for comparison or 
          checking purposes. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>postediting</dt>
        <dd>Editing an already translated document. Any changes cause an automatic update of the already translated <i>segments</i> in the 
          <i>Translation Memory</i>. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>properties</dt>
        <dd>A summary of the different characteristics of a <i>folder</i> or a document, such as a description, the <i>markup language</i> used 
          in documents, and references to <i><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmems"/></i> and <i>dictionaries</i>.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>replacement match</dt>
        <dd>An <i>exact match</i> where only a number or date differs. It is displayed in the <q>Translation</q> window with a preceding [r]. 
          <p>Example:
            <codeblock>Document text:   This happened in 2015.
Memory proposal: This happened in 2014.</codeblock></p>
          <p>In this example, the date in the translation memory proposal (2014) is automatically changed to the date in the document text (2015).</p>
        </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>reversing</dt>
        <dd>Turning source segments contained in a Translation Memory into target segments and vice versa. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>revision marks</dt>
        <dd>Characters at the beginning and end of a <i>segment</i> that can be individually defined and indicate that the enclosed segment has 
          been translated from scratch, or by copying a <i>translation proposal</i> and changing it, or by copying a proposal without changing it. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>search</dt>
        <dd>In the <q>Look up a Term</q> window, you can search for terms in a dictionary using predefined search criteria and user-definable 
          <i>dictionary filters</i>. See also <i>automatic lookup</i>. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>segment</dt>
        <dd>A translation unit produced during <i>analysis</i>. It is usually a sentence, part of a sentence, an element of a list, or a citation.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>sense level</dt>
        <dd>Part of a <i>dictionary entry</i>. Contains semantic variations of a <i>headword</i> such as varying areas of meaning and usage.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>SGML</dt>
        <dd><i>Standard Generalized Markup Language</i>. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>shared translation material </dt>
        <dd>A dictionary or Translation Memory file located on a shared disk. It can be concurrently accessed by all 
          <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> users who are connected to the same LAN. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>source document</dt>
        <dd>See <i>original document</i>.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>spellcheck</dt>
        <dd>A proofreading aid to identify unrecognized or misspelled words in <i>translation documents</i>. Lists possible corrections for 
          misspelled words. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Standard Generalized Markup Language (SGML </dt>
        <dd>A set of rules that allows the format specification of a <i>markup language</i> independent of any individual processing system. 
          The external file formats created during export are based on SGML. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>stem</dt>
        <dd>The part of an inflected word that remains unchanged except by phonetic changes or variations throughout an inflection. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>subject code</dt>
        <dd>Abbreviation for a particular subject area a translation applies to. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>tag</dt>
        <dd>Statement used to determine the format of a <i>document file</i>. Is contained in a <i>markup table</i>. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>target document</dt>
        <dd>See <i>translation document</i>. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>target level</dt>
        <dd>Contains all information applying to one translation variant of a <i>headword</i>, such as definition and usage. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>template</dt>
        <dd><i>Dictionary entry</i> information on all levels (<i>entry</i>, <i>homonym</i>, <i>sense</i>, <i>and target</i>) relating to 
          one specific translation of a <i>headword</i>. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>terminology list</dt>
        <dd>A generic term for the following types of lists: <i>exclusion lists</i>, <i>found terms lists</i>, and <i>new terms lists</i>.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>translation document</dt>
        <dd>The document that you translate. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>Translation Environment</dt>
        <dd>Environment where the actual translation is performed. It consists of a window where you can edit the document file, a window with 
          proposals from the associated <i>Translation Memory</i>, and a window with translations for terms in the document. All <i>translation
            proposals</i> can be copied into the <i>translation document</i>.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>
          <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/>
        </dt>
        <dd>A database that contains previously translated <i>segments</i> added during translation and <i>analysis</i>. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/> databases</dt>
        <dd>More than one <i><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/></i>.</dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>translation proposal</dt>
        <dd>The translation of a <i>segment</i> found in a <i><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/xlmem"/></i> during 
          translation, where the source segment is identical (<i>exact match</i>) or almost identical (<i>fuzzy match</i>) to the current 
          segment. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>user exit</dt>
        <dd>A point in a program at which a user exit routine may be given control.</dd>
        <dd>A programming service provided by a software product that may be requested during the execution of an application program for 
          the service of transferring control back to the application program upon the later occurrence of a user-specified event. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>view details</dt>
        <dd>Contents of the list windows displayed in the main window. You can define how detailed the contents of these lists is to be 
          displayed. The default is to display only the names of the individual list items. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>word count</dt>
        <dd>Utility to count words (words to be translated, words already translated, <i>markup</i> tags) in <i>original documents</i> 
          or <i>translation documents</i>. </dd>
      </dlentry>
      <dlentry>
        <dt>workbench</dt>
        <dd>The <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> main window.</dd>
      </dlentry>
    </dl>
  </body>
</topic>
