<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Topic//EN" "ibm-topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="mut_UserExitEntryPoints_Context">
  <title>User exit entry points for context-dependent translations</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p><indexterm>Lotus Notes<indexterm>markup table<indexterm>with user
            exit</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>user exit<indexterm>for LOTUSNGD
          markup table</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>LOTUSNGD markup table<indexterm>user exit
          for</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>context information<indexterm>in Lotus Notes
          elements</indexterm></indexterm>The following user exit entry points support
      context-dependent translations, where translation proposals and automatic translations not
      only depend on text matches but also on the type of document containing the text. These entry
      points are designed to support the translation of Lotus Notes and Domino design elements, such
      as Notes database files, template files, and application templates. When <keyword
        conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> imports these documents (using the
      LOTUSNGD markup table), it maintains context-dependent information about these design elements
      together with existing translations in the Translation Memory. If the user exit is used by the
      markup table, <keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> uses the context
      information and the translation proposals to identify matches on the segments to be
      translated. <ul>
        <li><xref href="mut_EQFGETCONTEXTINFO.dita#mut_EQFGETCONTEXTINFO"/> is called once when a markup table is
          loaded. It returns information about the number and the names of context strings used in
          the Translation Memory, and it controls (based on the availability of context information)
          whether further context information processing is performed.<indexterm>user
              exit<indexterm>entry
            point<indexterm>EQFGETCONTEXTINFO</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm></li>
        <li><xref href="mut_EQFGETSEGCONTEXT.dita#mut_EQFGETSEGCONTEXT"/> is called before a translated segment
          is saved in the Translation Memory. It gets the context strings from the user exit and
          passes them to the Translation Memory.<indexterm>user exit<indexterm>entry
                point<indexterm>EQFGETSEGCONTEXT</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm></li>
        <li><xref href="mut_EQFUPDATECONTEXT.dita#mut_EQFUPDATECONTEXT"/> is called subsequently for every
          segment during the analysis of a document and updates the user exit with the context
          strings from the Translation Memory for the current segment.<indexterm>user
              exit<indexterm>entry
            point<indexterm>EQFUPDATECONTEXT</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm></li>
        <li><xref href="mut_EQFCOMPARECONTEXT.dita#mut_EQFCOMPARECONTEXT"/> is called for every segment and
          compares and ranks a segment's context information against Translation Memory
            proposals.<indexterm>user exit<indexterm>entry
                point<indexterm>EQFCOMPARECONTEXT</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm></li>
      </ul><keyword conref="common-symbols.dita#common-symbols/tm4w"/> uses these user exit entry
      points to support the translation of Lotus Notes forms that contain the Form, Subform, Title,
      and Subtitle context strings.</p>
  </body>
</topic>
