<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="mut_EQFGETNEXTSEGW">
<title>EQFGETNEXTSEGW</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title><indexterm>programming interface calls<indexterm>EQFGETNEXTSEGW</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>EQFGETNEXTSEGW</indexterm>
<p><i>EQFGETNEXTSEGW</i> returns the next segment
from the document identified by the lInfo handle. The text of the
segment is stored in the buffer pointed to by pBuffer in UTF-16 encoding
and is terminated by 0x0000. The API call increments the segment number
automatically.</p>
</section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title>
<syntaxdiagram>
<groupseq><kwd>EQFGETNEXTSEGW</kwd><delim>(</delim><var>lInfo</var><sep>,</sep><var>pulSegNum</var><sep>,</sep><var>pBuffer</var><sep>,</sep><var>pusBufSize</var><delim>)</delim></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
</refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title>
<parml>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>lInfo</var></synph></pt>
<pd>The document handle which has been passed to the user exit as
the first parameter of the EQFSHOW entry point.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>pulSegNum</var></synph></pt>
<pd>The pointer to a ULONG variable containing the segment number.
This variable should be set to 1 before the first call. The segment
number is automatically incremented.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>pBuffer</var></synph></pt>
<pd>The pointer to a buffer for the segment text in UTF-16 encoding.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>pusBufSize</var></synph></pt>
<pd>The pointer to a USHORT variable containing the size of the
buffer in number of UTF-16 characters. Attention: this size value
is set to the actual length of the returned segment data on exit.</pd></plentry>
</parml>
</section>
<section><title>Return code</title>
<p>The function returns zero if successful otherwise an error code
is returned. The error code 510 is also issued when the buffer size
is not large enough to receive the segment data.</p>
</section></refbody></reference>