<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="mut_EQFCOMPARECONTEXT">
<title>EQFCOMPARECONTEXT</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title><indexterm>programming interface calls<indexterm>EQFCOMPARECONTEXT</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>EQFCOMPARECONTEXT</indexterm>
<p><i>EQFCOMPARECONTEXT</i>  is called for every
segment that has an exact text match and context information available.
The function compares the context strings of a segment against the
context strings of a Translation Memory proposal and ranks the match
between 0 and 100. 0 means no context match at all, and 100 means
an exact context match.</p>
<p>During an analysis only exact text matches <i>and</i> exact
context matches of a segment lead to automatic substitutions. During
a translation, the ranks are used to identify the best translation
proposals.</p>
</section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title>
<syntaxdiagram>
<groupseq><kwd>EQFCOMPARECONTEXT</kwd><delim>(</delim><var>pContextStrings1</var><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq><var>pContextStrings2</var><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq><var>pusRanking</var><delim>)</delim></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
</refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title>
<parml>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>pContextStrings1</var></synph></pt>
<pd>The pointer to a buffer containing the context strings of the
current segment. The context strings are stored as a list of UTF-16
strings, and the list is terminated by <codeph>0x0000</codeph>.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>pContextStrings2</var></synph></pt>
<pd>The pointer to a buffer containing the context strings of the
proposal. The context strings are stored as a list of UTF-16 strings,
and the list is terminated by <codeph>0x0000</codeph>.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>pusRanking</var></synph></pt>
<pd>The pointer to the variable receiving the ranking for the context
strings.</pd></plentry>
</parml>
</section>
<section><title>Return code</title>
<p>The return code indicates whether context information could be
compared.</p>
</section></refbody></reference>