<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="mut_EQFCHECKSEGEXW">
<title><!--rev=ws07072010-->EQFCHECKSEGEXW</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title><indexterm>programming interface calls<indexterm>EQFCHECKSEGW</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>EQFCHECKSEGEXW</indexterm>
<p><i>EQFCHECKSEGEXW</i> is called during the translation
of a document after a segment has been translated but not saved yet
in the Translation Memory. It can modify the segment, for example
change lowercase characters to uppercase, and prevent the segment
from being saved, for example if specific length limits have been
exceeded. It has the same functionality as the entry point EQFCHECKSEGW
and has two additional parameteres to allow the usage of the EQFGETPREVSEG(W)
and EQGGETNEXTSEG(W) API functions. </p>
<p><i>EQFCHECKSEGEXW</i> is also called when exact
matches are automatically substituted during the analysis of a document</p>
</section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title>
<syntaxdiagram>
<groupseq><kwd>EQFCHECKSEGEXW</kwd><delim>(</delim><var>PreviousSourceSegment</var><sep>,</sep><var>CurrentSourceSegment</var><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq><var>Translation</var><sep>,</sep><var>ModifyFlag</var><sep>,</sep><var>Info</var><sep>,</sep><var>SegNum</var><sep>,</sep><var>MessageFlag</var><delim>)</delim></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
</refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title>
<parml>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>PreviousSourceSegment</var></synph></pt>
<pd>The pointer to the text of the previous source segment.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>CurrentSourceSegment</var></synph></pt>
<pd>The pointer to the text of the current source segment.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>Translation</var></synph></pt>
<pd>The pointer to the translation of the current segment.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>ModifyFlag</var></synph></pt>
<pd>The pointer to the flag that is set when the user exit has modified
the translated segment.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>Info</var></synph></pt>
<pd>A long info value which has to be passed to EQFGETPREVSEG(W)
and EQGGETNEXTSEG(W) API functions</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>SegNum</var></synph></pt>
<pd>An unsigned long value representing the current segment number.
The segment number should be stored in a local unsigned long variable.
A pointer to this variable has to be  to be passed to EQFGETPREVSEG(W)
and EQGGETNEXTSEG(W) API functions</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>MessageFlag</var></synph></pt>
<pd>The flag indicating whether a message box is shown.</pd></plentry>
</parml>
</section>
<section><title>Return code</title>
<p>The return code indicates if the segment can be saved.</p>
</section></refbody></reference>