<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA IBM Reference//EN" "ibm-reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="en-us" id="mut_EQFGETSEGCONTEXT">
<title>EQFGETSEGCONTEXT</title>
<prolog><metadata><keywords><!--Insert <indexterm> tags here--></keywords>
</metadata>
</prolog><refbody>
<section><title>Purpose</title><indexterm>programming interface calls<indexterm>EQFGETSEGCONTEXT</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>EQFGETSEGCONTEXT</indexterm>
<p><i>EQFGETSEGCONTEXT</i> returns the context strings
for a given segment and passes them to the Translation Memory functions
before a segment is about to be saved in the Translation Memory.</p>
<p>This function is used by the editor during the translation. Using
the supplied document handle the function can go backward or forward
to other segments if  necessary (for example, for an MRI markup it
is necessary to go back to the segment containing the <codeph>panel ID</codeph>).</p>
</section>
<refsyn><title>Format</title>
<syntaxdiagram>
<groupseq><kwd>EQFGETSEGCONTEXT</kwd><delim>(</delim><var>pCurSeg</var><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq><var> pPrevSeg</var><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq><var> pNextSeg</var><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq><var> pContextStrings</var><sep>,</sep></groupseq>
<groupseq><var> hEditor</var><delim>)</delim></groupseq></syntaxdiagram>
</refsyn>
<section><title>Parameters</title>
<parml>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>pCurSeg</var></synph></pt>
<pd>The pointer to a zero-terminated UTF-16 string containing the
text of the current segment.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var> pPrevSeg</var></synph></pt>
<pd>The pointer to a zero-terminated UTF-16 string that contains
the text of the previous segment (<codeph>NULL</codeph>, if there is none).</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>pNextSeg</var></synph></pt>
<pd>The pointer to a zero-terminated UTF-16 string that contains
the text of the next segment (<codeph>NULL</codeph>, if there is none).</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>pContextStrings</var></synph></pt>
<pd>The pointer to a UTF16 buffer for the context strings. This
buffer has a size of MAX_CONTEXT_LEN (4096) characters. The context
strings are stored as a list of UTF-16 strings, and the list is terminated
by <codeph>0x0000</codeph>.</pd></plentry>
<plentry><pt><synph><var>hEditor</var></synph></pt>
<pd>The handle of type HANDLE, which is required for the EQFGetNextSeg
and EQFGetPrevSeg functions.</pd></plentry>
</parml>
</section>
<section><title>Return code</title>
<p>The return code indicates whether context strings could be returned.</p>
</section></refbody></reference>